
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 169153                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   301066                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93072026                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4487884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        943480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    426344786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    230397337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              976665282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    426344786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427003064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    426344786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    230397337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1282106323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.602402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001366076000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.602402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.600150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.600150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245996824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245996824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246947824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246947824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246947824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246947824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174713.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174713.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1581000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11540.145985                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229031092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229031092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229702692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229702692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229702692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229702692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162664.127841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162664.127841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           132                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1867.261481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.227273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           87.737142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.291401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.585630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.249134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1236.704012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    504.694215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.301930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.455874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          695                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5004                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             725                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  725                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2853                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3087                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3225542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86811669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293569811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24020403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24020403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3225542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110832072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317590214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3225542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626602                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905998                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110832072                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317590214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.363116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.680233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.376418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.376418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104049.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104433.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102737.214177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104592.372289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102898.636873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103536.219828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102651.294872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104049.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104433.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102737.214177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104361.649718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102879.887917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104049.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104433.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102737.214177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104361.649718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102879.887917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192005919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82272422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277927785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22734403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22734403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192005919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105006825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300662188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192005919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105006825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300662188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11321246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11321246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98575.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98933.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97218.186835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99123.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97793.027797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97993.116379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97993.116379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98575.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98933.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97218.186835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98876.483051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97808.128822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98575.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98933.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97218.186835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98876.483051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97808.128822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1820.001549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.878395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.898895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.249425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1256.588759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    522.386169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2949642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184919277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79261556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      267703677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21950240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21950240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2949642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184919277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101211796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289653917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2949642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184919277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101211796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289653917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.985279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95149.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95533.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95172.041688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96660.434146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95234.321238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94613.103448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93804.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95149.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95172.041688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96208.931559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95124.439080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95149.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95172.041688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96208.931559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95124.439080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2519542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157616296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67809435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228434409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18649992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18649992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2519542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157616296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86459427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247084401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2519542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157616296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86459427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247084401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81275.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81522.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81120.069995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82694.432927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81583.717500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80387.896552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80387.896552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81275.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81522.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81120.069995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82185.767110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.216689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81275.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81522.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81120.069995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82185.767110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.216689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3201                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.528334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.139331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369448300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.027704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.500630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290875962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290875962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290875962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    290875962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290875962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    290875962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.157474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66638.250172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66592.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66638.250172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66592.482143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66638.250172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66592.482143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227153987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227153987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227153987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227153987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227153987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227153987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61227.489757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61227.489757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          106                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.452851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.179245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.253641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.199210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2406494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2406494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2406494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20926.034783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20394.016949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20926.034783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20394.016949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20926.034783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20394.016949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2053097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2053097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2053097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2053097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2053097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2053097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17853.017391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.017391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2485                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.880316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.076459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.834510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2501                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33110194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33110194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33110194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33110194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33110194                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33110194                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.891304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.891304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.891304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13270.618838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.782087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13270.618838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.782087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13270.618838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.782087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25446921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25446921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25446921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25446921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25446921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25446921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10199.166733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10199.166733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1614                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               234.708885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.941140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001321644000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.743375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   232.965511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.910022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.916832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15640                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15643                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44990                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44994                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2785                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201086493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201086493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28313376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28313376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229399869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    229399869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229399869                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    229399869                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022679                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72255.297521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72203.408618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78430.404432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77998.280992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72964.334924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72871.622935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72964.334924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72871.622935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99061522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99061522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25937992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25937992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124999514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124999514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124999514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124999514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11774652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11774652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64915.807339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64915.807339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74965.294798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74965.294798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  779231                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41756                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30903                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16818                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       176118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                197859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41756                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16818                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        152633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           40                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          363                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             40                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       408482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.901401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.375878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          351005     85.93%     85.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2823      0.69%     86.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2127      0.52%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2954      0.72%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4643      1.14%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4198      1.03%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5478      1.34%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2195      0.54%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33059      8.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       408482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.253916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       160186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        353684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          86317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12564                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        336377                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       372229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       838354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       838264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          139457                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1014                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32495                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43489                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            312985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           280046                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       101990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       147817                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          872                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       408482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.685577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.449321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       304627     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34244      8.38%     82.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21775      5.33%     88.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17965      4.40%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12293      3.01%     95.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9165      2.24%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5953      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2038      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       408482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            642     45.92%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           397     28.40%     74.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          359     25.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2977      1.06%      1.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       217232     77.57%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38642     13.80%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21185      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        280046                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.359388                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1398                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004992                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       972384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       416793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        278453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15956                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8596                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       314707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43489                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1296                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           580                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1263                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       271970                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36674                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28121                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20141                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.349024                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                267715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               267001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176196                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           279628                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.342647                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630109                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       109747                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6435                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       389817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.485320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       321437     82.46%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24663      6.33%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12559      3.22%     92.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10560      2.71%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6256      1.60%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3408      0.87%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1802      0.46%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2454      0.63%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6678      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       389817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111760                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43580                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27533                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22845                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           203087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              697685                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             648239                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2543                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 370749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96622                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204939                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.972360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.972360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143423                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143423                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          529347                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         293717                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         117890                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           692                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100103                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100103058405                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15101936022591                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  84256                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153680                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93922265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4592792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1065.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89800444                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163793024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1131008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       105856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6017920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19356096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28337792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6017920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6017920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11846784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11846784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        94030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       302439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               442778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16489886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11298436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1057470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       761455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60117244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    193361685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              283086176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60117244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60117244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        118345875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             118345875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        118345875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16489886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11298436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1057470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       761455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60117244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    193361685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             401432051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44893                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.686884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.688574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.998310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.293036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.624894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.917930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             57                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                57                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             62                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                62                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43598                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19833                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125580067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143179067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4571946760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1699882000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6271828760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4589545760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1825462067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6415007827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4589545760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1825462067                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6415007827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.974231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.978219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43454.320988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 58273.812993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55929.323047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176386.834877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96158.049553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143855.882380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174341.719278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92041.651137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138979.328112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174341.719278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92041.651137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138979.328112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32549700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2934                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11093.967280                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98905974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111412974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4259564944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1486482700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5746047644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4272071944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585388674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5857460618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4272071944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585388674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5857460618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.974231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30881.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45896.043619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43520.692969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164335.067284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84086.587849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131796.129272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162281.935195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79936.906872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126900.225703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162281.935195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79936.906872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126900.225703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1267241                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4054.694393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         3394762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1271286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.670337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15023788222300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          912.122103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.128181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.233185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.110211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    81.459598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.948497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1609.240008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1414.449710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.222686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.392881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.345325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383939                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       634301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1292027                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2364828                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1198637                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              1198637                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               36757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        90119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                90119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       634301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1382146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2454947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383939                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54561                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       634301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1382146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2454947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18618                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       560327                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       497618                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1088605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3923                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3923                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       178936                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             178936                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       560327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       676554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1267541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18618                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12042                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       560327                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       676554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1267541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    555696756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    367137988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19992936642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26843758273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47759529659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215573174                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    215573174                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13102097338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13102097338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    555696756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    367137988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19992936642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39945855611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     60861626997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    555696756                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    367137988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19992936642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39945855611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    60861626997                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1194628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1789645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3453433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1198637                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          1198637                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40680                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40680                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       269055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           269055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1194628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2058700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3722488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1194628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2058700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3722488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.315224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.096436                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.665054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.665054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.340509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.340509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29847.285208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30488.123900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35680.837515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53944.508183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43872.230661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54951.102218                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54951.102218                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73222.254538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73222.254538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29847.285208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30488.123900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35680.837515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59043.114978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48015.509555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29847.285208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30488.123900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35680.837515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59043.114978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48015.509555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              339033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   339033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       560322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       497618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1088567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3923                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3923                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        178936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       560322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       676554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1267503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       560322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       676554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1267503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    453299828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    300943948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16829313474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24092630945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41676188195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    279430662                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279430662                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12104080699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12104080699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    453299828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    300943948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16829313474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36196711644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53780268894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    453299828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    300943948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16829313474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36196711644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53780268894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    257810816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    257810816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    413944062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    413944062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    671754878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    671754878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.665054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.340499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24370.958495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25022.362019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30035.075321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48415.915311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38285.368007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71228.820291                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71228.820291                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67644.748396                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67644.748396                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24370.958495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25022.362019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30035.075321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53501.585452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42430.091995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24370.958495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25022.362019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30035.075321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53501.585452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42430.091995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        372265                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30825.559320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1027795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        404328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.541983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  15071262611326                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8687.235046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.493626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.547297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.964346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.267285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   139.890222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    84.172676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9506.036661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12404.952162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.265113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.290101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.378569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.940721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16946                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10836                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       466289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       305740                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 799811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          339033                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               339033                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          834                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 834                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        66121                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                66121                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       466289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       371861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  865932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16946                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10836                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       466289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       371861                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 865932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1654                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94033                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191878                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               288756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3653                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3653                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       304129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                401007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1654                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       304129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               401007                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155198603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111676167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8793835223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17900028653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26960738646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98089271                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     98089271                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10611692663                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10611692663                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155198603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111676167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8793835223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28511721316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37572431309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155198603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111676167                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8793835223                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28511721316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37572431309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       560322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       497618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1088567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       339033                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           339033                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4487                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4487                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       178372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           178372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       560322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       675990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1266939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       560322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       675990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1266939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.265262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814130                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.814130                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.629308                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.316516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.316516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93832.287183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93766.722922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.607542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93288.593028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93368.583323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26851.702984                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26851.702984                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94535.395346                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94535.395346                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93832.287183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93766.722922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.607542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93748.775408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93695.200605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93832.287183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93766.722922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.607542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93748.775408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93695.200605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              142144                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   142144                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       191878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          288756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3653                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3653                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           401007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          401007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132020795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94967712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7468809822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15201044072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22896842401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257888765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    257888765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9020793935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9020793935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132020795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94967712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7468809822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24221838007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31917636336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132020795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     94967712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7468809822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24221838007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31917636336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229965447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229965447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    369276661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    369276661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    599242108                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    599242108                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814130                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814130                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.629308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.316516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79819.102177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79737.793451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79427.539502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79222.443803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79294.776216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70596.431700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70596.431700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80362.704430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80362.704430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79819.102177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79737.793451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79427.539502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79643.302700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79593.713666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79819.102177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79737.793451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79427.539502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79643.302700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79593.713666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                84834411                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         11998                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2402724                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 82431687                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4316                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7682                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 499                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1194629                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12366667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1195141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.347454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12358383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12358383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12358383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12358383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12358383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12358383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1342080                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1342080                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1342080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1342080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1342080                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1342080                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  36262446105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36262446105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  36262446105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  36262446105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  36262446105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  36262446105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13700463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13700463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13700463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13700463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13700463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13700463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.097959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27019.586094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27019.586094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27019.586094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27019.586094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27019.586094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27019.586094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5181122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33212.320513                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       147445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       147445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       147445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1194635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1194635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1194635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1194635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1194635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1194635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27159472200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27159472200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27159472200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27159472200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27159472200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27159472200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22734.535821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22734.535821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22734.535821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22734.535821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22734.535821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22734.535821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        68132                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.689080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        348593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        68148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.115234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002269865300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.689080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348077                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       348077                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       348077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348077                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       348077                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        71281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        71281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        71281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1190049741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1190049741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1190049741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1190049741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1190049741                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1190049741                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       419358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       419358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       419358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16695.188634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16695.188634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16695.188634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16695.188634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16695.188634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16695.188634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        10204                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        10204                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    957746620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    957746620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    957746620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957746620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    957746620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957746620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13436.211894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13436.211894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13436.211894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13436.211894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13436.211894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13436.211894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       414549                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.874856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1750743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       414565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.223084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.874856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.992178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.992178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1750227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1750227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1750227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1750227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1750227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1750227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       417698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       417698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       417698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6697010723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6697010723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6697010723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6697010723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6697010723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6697010723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2167925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2167925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2167925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2167925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2167925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2167925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16033.140506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16033.140506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16033.140506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16033.140506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16033.140506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16033.140506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       133714                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       133714                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       417698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       417698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       417698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5371049798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5371049798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5371049798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5371049798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5371049798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5371049798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12858.691682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12858.691682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12858.691682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12858.691682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12858.691682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12858.691682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               2059663                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.989167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                23784514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               2059919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 11.546335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.989167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14943713                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14943713                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8781680                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8781680                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     23725393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        23725393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     23725393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       23725393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2974866                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2974866                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       312473                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       312473                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3287339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       3287339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3287339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      3287339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107877654127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 107877654127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16230640984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16230640984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124108295111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 124108295111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124108295111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 124108295111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17918579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17918579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9094153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9094153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27012732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27012732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27012732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27012732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.166021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36263.029705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36263.029705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51942.538984                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51942.538984                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37753.421570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37753.421570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37753.421570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37753.421570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1054719                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          1054719                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1182359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1182359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1186072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1186072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1186072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1186072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1792507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1792507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       308760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       308760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2101267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2101267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2101267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2101267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46977158265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46977158265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14984440036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14984440036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61961598301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61961598301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61961598301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61961598301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268974148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268974148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    430344442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430344442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    699318590                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    699318590                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26207.517329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26207.517329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48531.027452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48531.027452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29487.732069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29487.732069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29487.732069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29487.732069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               254225755                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18949796                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18949796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14676372                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10384638                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66017043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              89246538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18949796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10384638                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27919952                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8702511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2130207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     101531765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        28164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       302947                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1220                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13700582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1270182                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31800                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    204404230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.796592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.218691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       177417272     86.80%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1578771      0.77%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1565723      0.77%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2480122      1.21%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2253935      1.10%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1852849      0.91%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1863480      0.91%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1921379      0.94%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13470699      6.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    204404230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.351052                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        68847668                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    102825533                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24729617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1528480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6472932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     158523507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6472932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        71309040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       77643953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14459186                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23602466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     10916653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     153697817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       184668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3604310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      6136638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       226605                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    172397136                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    399544895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    397853282                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1691613                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123080807                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        49316450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       421285                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       421518                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         23528419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25359804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12238955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3805239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2277075                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         146972352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       513538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        133749236                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       489162                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     36838430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     57281648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       170049                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    204404230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.654337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    146208106     71.53%     71.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23169648     11.34%     82.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15242655      7.46%     90.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8257822      4.04%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5698373      2.79%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3246992      1.59%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1876747      0.92%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       599218      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       104669      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    204404230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         295599     42.24%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6203      0.89%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        263974     37.72%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       134029     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       883841      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98269776     73.47%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       430887      0.32%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     23005991     17.20%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11158741      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     133749236                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.526104                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             699805                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    472604501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    183506847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129476738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1118023                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       903615                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       517931                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     133008427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         556773                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4501921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6623687                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        40019                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        91760                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3142965                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        24119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6472932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       55459385                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1061077                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147485890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1322635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25359804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12238955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       485902                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        523315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        28674                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        91760                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       994495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1278635                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2273130                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131536068                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22438965                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2213168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33383915                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14318482                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10944950                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.517399                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             130264516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129994669                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         88151031                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        142953028                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.511336                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616643                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     39098252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2103448                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    197979061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.547453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.594389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163521161     82.60%     82.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13684809      6.91%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4903928      2.48%     91.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5453301      2.75%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2264691      1.14%     95.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1157051      0.58%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713135      0.36%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       838952      0.42%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5442033      2.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    197979061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60103550                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108384325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27832125                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18736131                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10427                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12554289                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107838426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5442033                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           339884656                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          301467430                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1106711                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               49821525                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            46383905                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60103550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108384325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60103550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.229796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.229796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.236418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.236418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       266371272                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      143918256                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           853851                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          445784                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63849932                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392568                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2097000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       354200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302918504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49086510                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355490886                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302918504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302918504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34171451                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42073420                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       262125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        44275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37864813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7770961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45961324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4687682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4812119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       152403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10183665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     20948411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3538353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3026066424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          490359743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3551248999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3026066424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3026066424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     78439482                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            498856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         341362707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            420301044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     78591884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10682521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     20948411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3538353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3026066424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         831722450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3971550044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               84834411                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        11998                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                82431687                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2402724                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7682                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4316                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                284                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      300610426                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28629144                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53518243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53084585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390246                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4486211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53084585                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390246                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137672424                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60246339                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12443574                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7764580                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4678994                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             237852406.867639                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62758019.132361                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.208769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.791231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
