
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30906                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55511                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               16302151                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    17.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549738                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              247232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240131817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              852600375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        166194171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240131817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1018794546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      765                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.312005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063381000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.312005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    134996904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134996904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    135567904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    135567904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    135567904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    135567904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43923.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43923.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175777.218750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175777.218750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       824100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9810.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125746500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125746500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126152400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126152400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126152400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126152400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31223.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31223.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163732.421875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163732.421875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           12                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        49152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           12                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1736                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1353.591503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.156106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           59.718557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.760478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.411805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.800047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.753621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.726991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.252930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    900.694470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    363.472604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.439792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.177477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.660933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          204                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3822                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          949                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3748                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3275724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       937079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214816658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88858027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      307887488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28995142                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28995142                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3275724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       937079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214816658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117853169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       336882630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3275724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       937079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214816658                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117853169                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      336882630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.475144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.864865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.492186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.492186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102366.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66934.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87466.065961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93633.326660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88984.823121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100677.576389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100677.576389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102366.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66934.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87466.065961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95273.378335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89883.305763                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102366.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66934.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87466.065961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95273.378335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89883.305763                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3100791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201178072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83658189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288796890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27393808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27393808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3100791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201178072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111051997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    316190698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3100791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201178072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111051997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    316190698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7075854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7075854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10259347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10259347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.473908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.491005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96899.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81912.895765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88154.045311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83684.986960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95117.388889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95117.388889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96899.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81912.895765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89775.260307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84565.578497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96899.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81912.895765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89775.260307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84565.578497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1675.865526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           10.801094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.607217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.968740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1143.149665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.338888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.051143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186532184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78399344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268643657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26212178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26212178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186532184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104611522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294855835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186532184                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104611522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294855835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.814162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.972125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.826261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.826261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95848.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95218.062277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96789.313580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95365.160454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93950.458781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93950.458781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95848.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95218.062277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96062.003673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95237.672804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95848.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95218.062277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96062.003673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95237.672804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159009349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67098808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229278239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22227566                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22227566                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159009349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89326374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251505805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159009349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89326374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251505805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6326426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6326426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9160426                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9160426                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81966.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.631445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82838.034568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81651.794516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79668.695341                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79668.695341                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81966.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.631445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82026.055096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81472.563978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81966.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.631445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82026.055096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81472.563978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3079                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.209079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.880481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066758300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.788465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.420613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.854337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31074                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31093                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31074                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294774315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294774315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294774315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294774315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294774315                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294774315                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69179.609247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69147.153413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69179.609247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69147.153413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69179.609247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69147.153413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230848410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230848410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230848410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230848410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230848410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230848410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64321.095013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64321.095013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.597861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.875000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.268320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2147568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2147568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2147568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2147568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2147568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2147568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22370.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21692.606061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22370.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21692.606061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22370.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21692.606061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1844120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1844120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1844120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1844120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1844120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1844120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19209.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19209.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2423                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.674916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.108543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.734940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.939976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          352                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          352                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29478902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29478902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29478902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     29478902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29478902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     29478902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.873880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.873880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.873880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12101.355501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12086.470685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12101.355501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12086.470685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12101.355501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12086.470685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21945824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21945824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21945824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21945824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21945824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21945824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9008.958949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9008.958949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   976                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               404.855073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   23507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.085041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.409754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   404.445319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.790733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34567                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20731                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20731                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2337                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2338                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    204730438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204730438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32364408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32364408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237094846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    237094846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237094846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    237094846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87603.952931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87566.483319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90656.605042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90656.605042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88008.480327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87975.824119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88008.480327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87975.824119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94349610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94349610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30091054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30091054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124440664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124440664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124440664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124440664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7344881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7344881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10669505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10669505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81758.760832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81758.760832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86968.364162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86968.364162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  828237                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49133                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35554                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21708                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49133                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70014                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1447                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35335                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.961045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.437723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385208     84.95%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3058      0.67%     85.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2723      0.60%     86.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3868      0.85%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6236      1.38%     88.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4054      0.89%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6404      1.41%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3335      0.74%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38590      8.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059322                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.275980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1740                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          199079                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104400                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       997178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       997088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1337                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49358                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2191                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2115                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335270                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          963                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.739334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.508835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       331124     73.02%     73.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39706      8.76%     81.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25959      5.72%     87.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19832      4.37%     91.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14929      3.29%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10788      2.38%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7987      1.76%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2636      0.58%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          515      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            861     50.56%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           420     24.66%     75.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          422     24.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4123      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259660     77.45%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44735     13.34%     92.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26742      7.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335270                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.404800                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1703                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1128217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16178                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9330                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          907                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49358                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6793                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325149                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42514                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68143                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33836                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25629                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.392580                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208392                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339554                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.385944                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613723                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.584724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.550593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       348182     80.37%     80.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30353      7.01%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16374      3.78%     91.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13222      3.05%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8146      1.88%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3434      0.79%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2323      0.54%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2833      0.65%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8380      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133929                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54310                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33177                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27953                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              795810                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             762908                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2381                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 374761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1771                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.184150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.184150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.161704                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.161704                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644671                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348586                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139842                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003940                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003939565804                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975442344213                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31030                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59163                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2628855051                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4578144                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7609.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236115164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     450193044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1199104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       466816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1588800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4332992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       466816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         466816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2492480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2492480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 216607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45093                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.947733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.404917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.040977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.906756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5330                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5330                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1579                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1579                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6909                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6909                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31603                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          51896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         66859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            83759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        66859                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           83759                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1284163900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1295546900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2928844920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2340650000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5269494920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940227920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3624813900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6565041820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940227920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3624813900                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6565041820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.856693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.957133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.970472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.923799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.923799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43780.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40634.240420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40659.915890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176012.314904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66390.117994                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101539.519809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173977.983432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54215.795929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78380.136105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173977.983432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54215.795929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78380.136105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21545000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1887                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11417.594065                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35277                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35277                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        66859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        66859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8082400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    890467400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2728292192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1904749900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4633042092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736374592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2795217300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5531591892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736374592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2795217300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5531591892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.957133                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31086.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28176.673101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28200.414274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163959.867308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54026.262197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89275.514336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161915.656331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41807.644446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66041.761387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161915.656331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41807.644446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66041.761387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1789201                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2005.293747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         7399050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1791209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.130757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          302.060763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.334793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.575457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1436.350412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    248.972310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.147491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.701343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.121569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1242331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5124119                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       467433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                6887539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          675510                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               675510                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        82447                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               82447                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       162667                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               162667                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1242331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5124119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       630100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 7050206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1242331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5124119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       630100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                7050206                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1198985                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       405597                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1622063                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        20560                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             20560                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       117048                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             117048                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1198985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       522645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1739111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1198985                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       522645                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1739111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    320102761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91552697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26809031473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11396226868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    38616913799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    567298362                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    567298362                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4576371403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4576371403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    320102761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91552697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26809031473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15972598271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     43193285202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    320102761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91552697                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26809031473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15972598271                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    43193285202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6323104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       873030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8509602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       675510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           675510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       103007                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103007                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       279715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           279715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6323104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1152745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             8789317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6323104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1152745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            8789317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.464585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.190616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.199598                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.199598                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.418454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.197866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.197866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23583.788477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23426.995138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22359.772201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28097.414103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23807.283564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27592.332782                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27592.332782                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39098.245190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39098.245190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23583.788477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23426.995138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22359.772201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30561.085002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24836.416538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23583.788477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23426.995138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22359.772201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30561.085002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24836.416538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              262903                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   262903                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1198968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       405590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1622039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20560                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        20560                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       117048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        117048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1198968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       522638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1739087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1198968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       522638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1739087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    246963949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     70088823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19983219864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9151580935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29451853571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1204261210                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204261210                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3922262138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3922262138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    246963949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     70088823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19983219864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13073843073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33374115709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    246963949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     70088823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19983219864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13073843073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33374115709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3932289725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3932289725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6352869819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6352869819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10285159544                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10285159544                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.464577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.199598                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199598                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.197864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18195.236794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17934.703941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16667.016854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22563.625669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18157.302982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58573.016051                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58573.016051                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33509.860382                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33509.860382                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18195.236794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17934.703941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16667.016854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25015.102371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19190.595818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18195.236794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17934.703941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16667.016854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25015.102371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19190.595818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8523                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30429.107954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1808554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         45.698251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11275.247018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.023745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.089709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   150.567277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    52.557087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8499.847685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10443.775433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.344093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.259395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.318719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.928623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13375                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3834                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1191673                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       361390                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1570272                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          262903                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               262903                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1018                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        89535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                89535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1191673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       450925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1659807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13375                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1191673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       450925                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1659807                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                51767                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        26676                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             26676                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        20379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              20379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        64579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 72146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        64579                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                72146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18573721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6914520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    682738886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2333386512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3041613639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    445241547                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    445241547                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1663340049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1663340049                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18573721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6914520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    682738886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3996726561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4704953688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18573721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6914520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    682738886                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3996726561                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4704953688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1198968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       405590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1622039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       262903                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           262903                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        27694                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           27694                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       109914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           109914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1198968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       515504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1731953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1198968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       515504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1731953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.031915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.963241                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.963241                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185409                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.185409                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.125274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.041656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.125274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.041656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93806.671717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93439.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93589.977519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52791.550045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58755.841347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16690.716262                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16690.716262                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81620.297807                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81620.297807                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93806.671717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93439.459459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93589.977519                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61888.950913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65214.338813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93806.671717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93439.459459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93589.977519                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61888.950913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65214.338813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3668                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3668                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26676                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        26676                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         20379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        64579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            72146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        64579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           72146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15806631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5879167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    579952835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1711946029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2313584662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1401173810                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1401173810                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1371997122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1371997122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15806631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5879167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    579952835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3083943151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685581784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15806631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5879167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    579952835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3083943151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685581784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3504661388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3504661388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5651038623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5651038623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9155700011                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9155700011                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.963241                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963241                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.125274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.041656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.125274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.469697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79448.202703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79500.045922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38731.810611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44692.268472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52525.633903                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52525.633903                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67324.065067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67324.065067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.469697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79448.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79500.045922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47754.582000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51085.046766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.469697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79448.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79500.045922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47754.582000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51085.046766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591470                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746757                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8541                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7195                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4952                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7190                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535185                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15736                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1338227                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           787                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236541                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298644                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8860                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6323105                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16762111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6323617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.650716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16754662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16754662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16754662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16754662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16754662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16754662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6629468                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6629468                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6629468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6629468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6629468                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6629468                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  96035487070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96035487070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  96035487070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  96035487070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  96035487070                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  96035487070                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23384130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23384130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23384130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23384130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23384130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23384130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.283503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.283503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.283503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.283503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.283503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14486.152896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14486.152896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14486.152896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14486.152896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14486.152896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14486.152896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       110909                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36969.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       306199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       306199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       306199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       306199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       306199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       306199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6323269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6323269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6323269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6323269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6323269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6323269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  69298962038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69298962038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  69298962038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69298962038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  69298962038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69298962038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10959.356946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10959.356946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10959.356946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10959.356946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10959.356946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10959.356946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        57616                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        124608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        57632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.162132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972606480300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       124124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       124124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       124124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       124124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       124124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       124124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        57822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        57822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        57822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1046658954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1046658954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1046658954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1046658954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1046658954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1046658954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       181946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       181946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       181946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       181946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       181946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.317798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.317798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.317798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.317798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.317798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.317798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18101.396596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18101.396596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18101.396596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18101.396596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18101.396596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18101.396596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           40                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           40                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    869203020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    869203020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    869203020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    869203020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    869203020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    869203020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.317798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.317798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.317798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15032.392861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15032.392861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15032.392861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15032.392861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15032.392861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15032.392861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1256513                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         85621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1256529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.068141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        85350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        85350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        85350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        85350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        85350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        85350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1256761                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1256761                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1256761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1256761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1256761                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1256761                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18831075392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18831075392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18831075392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  18831075392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18831075392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  18831075392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1342111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1342111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1342111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1342111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1342111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1342111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.936406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.936406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.936406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.936406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.936406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.936406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14983.815850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14983.815850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14983.815850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14983.815850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14983.815850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14983.815850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           85                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           85                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1256761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1256761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1256761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1256761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1256761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1256761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14988743765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14988743765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14988743765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14988743765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14988743765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14988743765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.936406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.936406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.936406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11926.487029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11926.487029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11926.487029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11926.487029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11926.487029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11926.487029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1136905                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.984442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49815000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1137417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.796602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.984442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31209180                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31209180                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18460943                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18460943                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49670123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49670123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49670123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49670123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1397598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1397598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       383771                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       383771                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1781369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1781369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1781369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1781369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37128005744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37128005744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10478042825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10478042825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47606048569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47606048569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47606048569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47606048569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32606778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32606778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18844714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18844714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51451492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51451492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51451492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51451492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26565.583053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26565.583053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27302.852026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27302.852026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26724.417327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26724.417327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26724.417327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26724.417327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       675385                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           675385                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       523741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       523741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       526852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       526852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       526852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       526852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       873857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       873857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       380660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       380660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1254517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1254517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1254517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1254517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19399275658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399275658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9080912209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9080912209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28480187867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28480187867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28480187867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28480187867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4103040828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4103040828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6607145736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6607145736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10710186564                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10710186564                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22199.599772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22199.599772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23855.703801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23855.703801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22702.113935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22702.113935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22702.113935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22702.113935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               402480101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29387292                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29387292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3940772                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25342324                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15095849                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204111935                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             142587069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29387292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15095849                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             46672982                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13444190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            669820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      71073964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       178588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       195603                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23384132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2789356                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          30439                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    332149980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.829266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.277124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       286918677     86.38%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3716128      1.12%     87.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2246258      0.68%     88.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3479752      1.05%     89.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2799806      0.84%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3175940      0.96%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3167988      0.95%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2457369      0.74%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24188062      7.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    332149980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.073016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.354271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       201494742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     77243162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43377459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       787566                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9247051                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     269629386                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          318                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9247051                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       204041624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10776497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     61661687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41608698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4814423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     261290431                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        24979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        316605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2657034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        19597                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    287625044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    654926170                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    649736692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5189478                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220493841                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        67131194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1593486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1618653                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         17401034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     38951006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23453746                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3064159                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1869168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         249576518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2133351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        236002424                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       554046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     47745982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67175604                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       583773                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    332149980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.710530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.460771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    242000680     72.86%     72.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31246680      9.41%     82.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21057426      6.34%     88.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13249587      3.99%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10297161      3.10%     95.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7204826      2.17%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4450211      1.34%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2169181      0.65%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       474228      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    332149980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         458284     32.74%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        52162      3.73%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        520580     37.19%     73.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       368771     26.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1848190      0.78%      0.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    174015948     73.73%     74.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1416115      0.60%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36876194     15.63%     90.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21845977      9.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     236002424                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.586370                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1399797                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    803016358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    296873211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    227648658                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3518108                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2627750                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1596212                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     233776782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1777249                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3182179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8127139                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        47115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        47377                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4560224                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        60805                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9247051                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7920979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    251709869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2220898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38951006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23454197                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1885513                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         62941                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         9500                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        47377                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1589525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2811439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4400964                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    231950836                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     35875539                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4051588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57239044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23380178                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21363505                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.576304                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             229600589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            229244870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        147784933                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        229289947                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.569581                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644533                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     53115116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1549578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3956406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    323082709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.614073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.558575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    255150070     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24500350      7.58%     86.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12003026      3.72%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12526870      3.88%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6286388      1.95%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2606940      0.81%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2105772      0.65%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1732017      0.54%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6171276      1.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    323082709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104137949                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198396223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49717836                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30823864                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199230                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20750142                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259696                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196462852                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6171276                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           568055401                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          512286069                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3070194                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               70330121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59668002607                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104137949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198396223                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104137949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.864874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.864874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.258741                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.258741                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       458398845                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      248489448                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2854050                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1510068                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      107027656                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1496412                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171845                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1399690856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       234916148                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1636220313                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1399690856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1399690856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016558                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157572680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161550646                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        174961357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37065099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212119607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23317102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23399257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           69970760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11743494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81794904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      69970760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         69970760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7877082                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8075942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          69970760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19620577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             89870845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746757                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591470                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7195                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8541                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5416                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8536                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535185                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15736                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1338227                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          787                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298644                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236541                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7958                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072820631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 130897670                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   249875908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           247696442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               960206                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17039764                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  247696442                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      960206                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         633219260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        278863186                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1602236                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            783707                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60446264                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37086712                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23359552                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779796002.333138                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             293024628.666861                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004878                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995122                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
