
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58431                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   104008                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32111779                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530719                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        944701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    429416751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    229958485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              979298395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    429416751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         430075029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    429416751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    229958485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1284739436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.621821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001365722000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.621821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.601364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.601364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1685400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10803.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           617                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1662.422880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.547812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           48.333445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.038444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.586370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.024645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.218966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.537535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.540269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1125.567753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    454.575454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.005900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.137398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.055490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.202932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             367                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  367                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3348624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208070305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87451186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      299516387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24175507                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24175507                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3348624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208070305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111626693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323691894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3348624                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208070305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111626693                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323691894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.403743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.848375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.849462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.419444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.419444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90503.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92324.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96062.006002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101216.650463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97087.969854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102874.497872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102006.358650                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90503.351351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92324.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96062.006002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101571.149227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97438.860325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90503.351351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92324.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96062.006002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101571.149227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97438.860325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196074234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82717541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282546482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22872773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22872773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196074234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105590314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305419255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196074234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105590314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305419255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3833471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3833471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11335442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11335442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.848375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.417803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85049.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90523.653740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95737.894676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91914.925830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97330.948936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97330.948936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85049.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90523.653740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96078.538672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92299.563312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85049.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90523.653740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96078.538672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92299.563312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1823.739206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.773989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.536753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.250782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.578710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    521.599066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    263                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              23                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   23                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186173841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79085856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268782804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21859839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21859839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186173841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100945695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290642643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950634                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186173841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100945695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290642643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           23                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               23                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.945602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.914749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991416                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.991489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.920181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.920181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95181.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95412.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.264180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96800.313341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95245.501063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94631.337662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93819.051502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95181.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95412.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.264180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96322.228053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95136.708020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95181.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95412.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.264180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96322.228053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95136.708020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2520534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158664191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67662415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229335547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18571480                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18571480                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2520534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158664191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86233895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247907027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2520534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158664191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86233895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247907027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3414416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3414416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10126016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10126016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.945602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.916265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81307.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81401.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81075.212570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82818.133415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81585.039843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80396.017316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80396.017316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81307.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81401.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81075.212570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82284.250954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.749178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81307.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81401.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81075.212570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82284.250954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.749178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3286                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.665940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.979610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369098300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.024115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.641825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293879723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293879723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293879723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293879723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293879723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293879723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65642.109225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65598.152455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65642.109225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65598.152455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65642.109225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65598.152455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229015133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229015133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229015133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229015133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229015133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229015133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60314.757177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60314.757177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           79                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.457359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.531646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.252506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.204853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1790861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1790861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790861                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1790861                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20350.693182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19679.791209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20350.693182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19679.791209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20350.693182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19679.791209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1517317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1517317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1517317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1517317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1517317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1517317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17242.238636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17242.238636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2555                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.881722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.078278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.835916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32405971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32405971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32405971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32405971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32405971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32405971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.893639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.893639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.893639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12633.906823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12604.422793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12633.906823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12604.422793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12633.906823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12604.422793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24521136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24521136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24521136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24521136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24521136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24521136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9559.897076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9559.897076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   948                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               422.032665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   17651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.619198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001439262300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.264755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   418.767910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.817906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.824283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29888                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15829                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15832                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45721                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2579                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193428378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193428378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27184986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27184986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220613364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220613364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220613364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220613364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84762.654689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84688.431699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92781.522184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92152.494915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85675.092816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85542.211710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85675.092816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85542.211710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          367                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              367                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94101943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94101943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119275727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119275727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119275727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119275727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      4000371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4000371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11787789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11787789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79815.049194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79815.049194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89268.737589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89268.737589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41675                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41675                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6429                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30660                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16600                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                197501                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        148939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          347                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27698                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       403144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.912518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.389489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          345782     85.77%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2820      0.70%     86.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2136      0.53%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2914      0.72%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4591      1.14%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4132      1.02%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5475      1.36%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2184      0.54%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33110      8.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       403144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053528                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.253674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          172906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       156494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51886                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        353819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          86977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        336679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       372558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       838967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       838877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       234058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          138500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1016                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            313484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           280162                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       101203                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       149265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          897                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       403144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.694943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.461243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       299636     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34058      8.45%     82.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21614      5.36%     88.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17857      4.43%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12176      3.02%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9232      2.29%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6009      1.49%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2109      0.52%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          453      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       403144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            667     46.64%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           402     28.11%     74.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          361     25.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2988      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       217308     77.57%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38721     13.82%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21135      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        280162                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.359845                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1430                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       967301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       416533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266967                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        278590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4425                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15882                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8499                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          75436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       315240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1304                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1238                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7539                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       271927                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36671                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56787                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28099                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20116                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.349268                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                267705                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               266976                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176009                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           279208                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.342909                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630387                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       109078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          859                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       384694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.535906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.493968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       315730     82.07%     82.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24833      6.46%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12711      3.30%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10679      2.78%     94.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6342      1.65%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3492      0.91%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1863      0.48%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2490      0.65%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6554      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       384694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       112392                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        206160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43931                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27764                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22987                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           204312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              693238                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             649126                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2495                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97290                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             112392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               206160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       112392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.927210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.927210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.144358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.144358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          528839                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         293630                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         117836                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           705                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101190                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101190275433                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15103023239619                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26763                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30141279                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3357.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89849711                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163869760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1130432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6172544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19497664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28630976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6172544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6172544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11843072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11843072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        96446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       304651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               447359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185048                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185048                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16312714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11171350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1011322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       764026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60999379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    192683179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              282941971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60999379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60999379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        117037650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             117037650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        117037650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16312714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11171350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1011322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       764026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60999379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    192683179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             399979621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44908                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.842777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     5.284618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.558159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.330289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.597385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             56                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                56                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             60                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                60                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43598                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19833                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    124856220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142378220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4573354760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1700354000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6273708760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4590876760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1825210220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6416086980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4590876760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1825210220                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6416086980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.974672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.978593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43264.197531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 57937.921114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55616.492188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176441.155864                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96184.749406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143899.003624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174392.279582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92028.952756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139002.707656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174392.279582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92028.952756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139002.707656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32349200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11021.873935                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42979                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42979                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12406500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98187500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4260976728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1486927100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5747903828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4273383228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585114600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5858497828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4273383228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585114600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5858497828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.974672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999774                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30633.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45562.645012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43200.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164389.534259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84111.726440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131838.704252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162331.746553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79923.087783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126922.696564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162331.746553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79923.087783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126922.696564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1099029                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      6482.687687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2957918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1105242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.676263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1389.957335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.003069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.029196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   100.738600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    49.228708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2708.388336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   2234.342442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.169673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.330614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.272747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.791344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       377953                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53621                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       721212                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       988622                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2141408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          999613                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               999613                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31746                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               31746                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                60838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       377953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       721212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1049460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2202246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       377953                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       721212                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1049460                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2202246                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       470841                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       412664                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               913374                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4381                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4381                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       168900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             168900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       470841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       581564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1082274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18564                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       470841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       581564                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1082274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    537666341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    346407958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18072606388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24793997716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    43750678403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199337794                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    199337794                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12943809930                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12943809930                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    537666341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    346407958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18072606388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37737807646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     56694488333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    537666341                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    346407958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18072606388                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37737807646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    56694488333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       396517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1192053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1401286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3054782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       999613                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           999613                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       229738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           229738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       396517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1192053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1631024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3284520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       396517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1192053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1631024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3284520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.394983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.298998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121267                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.121267                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.735185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.735185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.394983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.329508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.394983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.329508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28962.849655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30642.013092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38383.671745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60082.773675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47900.069854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45500.523625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45500.523625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76635.938011                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76635.938011                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28962.849655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30642.013092                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38383.671745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64890.205800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52384.597923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28962.849655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30642.013092                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38383.671745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64890.205800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52384.597923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              308378                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   308378                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       470836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       412664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          913330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4381                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4381                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       168900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        168900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       470836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       581564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1082230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       470836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       581564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1082230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    435923922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    283812570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15408407112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22503064936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38631208540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305857172                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305857172                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12002247236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12002247236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    435923922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    283812570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15408407112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34505312172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50633455776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    435923922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    283812570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15408407112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34505312172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50633455776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    257004306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    257004306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    413792263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    413792263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    670796569                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    670796569                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.173736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.394979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121267                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121267                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.735185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.735185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.173736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.394979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.329494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.173736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.394979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23499.941887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25160.688830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32725.635066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54531.204408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42297.098026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69814.465191                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69814.465191                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71061.262499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71061.262499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23499.941887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25160.688830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32725.635066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59331.925931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46786.224533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23499.941887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25160.688830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32725.635066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59331.925931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46786.224533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        376808                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30742.978217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          817852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        408999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          1.999643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8587.292673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.897812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.077562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.458240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.221333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   130.093808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    83.163417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9569.189917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12368.583454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.262063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.292029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.377459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.938201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16951                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10072                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       374387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       219435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 620845                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          308378                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               308378                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1061                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        55249                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                55249                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       374387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       274684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  676094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16951                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10072                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       374387                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       274684                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 676094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1599                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        96449                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       193229                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               292485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3901                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3901                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        96449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                405555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1599                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1208                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        96449                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               405555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150044045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113339347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9019981731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18021845185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27305210308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104162615                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    104162615                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10689798934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10689798934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150044045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113339347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9019981731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28711644119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37995009242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150044045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113339347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9019981731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28711644119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37995009242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       470836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       412664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             913330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       308378                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           308378                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       168319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           168319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       470836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       580983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1081649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       470836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       580983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1081649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.320240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786175                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.786175                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671760                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.671760                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.527208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.374941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.527208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.374941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93836.175735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93823.962748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93520.738743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93266.772508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93355.933836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26701.516278                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26701.516278                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94541.425082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94541.425082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93836.175735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93823.962748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93520.738743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93737.309358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93686.452496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93836.175735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93823.962748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93520.738743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93737.309358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93686.452496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              142071                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   142071                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        96449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          292485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3901                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3901                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        96449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           405555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        96449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          405555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    127650366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96389755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7660759350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15303601046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23188400517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    278240677                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278240677                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9086487972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9086487972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    127650366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96389755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7660759350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24390089018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32274888489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    127650366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96389755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7660759350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24390089018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32274888489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229282845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229282845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    369251240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    369251240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    598534085                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    598534085                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786175                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786175                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.671760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.527208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.527208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.373358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79792.843543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.084791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79199.297445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79280.648638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71325.474750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71325.474750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80361.616450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80361.616450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.373358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79792.843543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.084791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79628.366459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79582.025839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.373358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79792.843543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.084791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79628.366459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79582.025839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                83922926                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         11869                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2376908                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 81546018                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4269                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7600                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 489                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1192055                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12211453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1192567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.239637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12203592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12203592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12203592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12203592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12203592                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12203592                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1327387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1327387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1327387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1327387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1327387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1327387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33926574759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33926574759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33926574759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33926574759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33926574759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33926574759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13530979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13530979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13530979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13530979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13530979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13530979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25558.917451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25558.917451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25558.917451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25558.917451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25558.917451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25558.917451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5120591                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32408.803797                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       135324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       135324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       135324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1192063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1192063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1192063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1192063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1192063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25079919514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25079919514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25079919514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25079919514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25079919514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25079919514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21039.088969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21039.088969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21039.088969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21039.088969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21039.088969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21039.088969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        67147                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.711771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        342972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        67162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.106638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002256823300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.711771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       342409                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       342409                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       342409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       342409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       342409                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       342409                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1119988500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1119988500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1119988500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1119988500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1119988500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1119988500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       412705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       412705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       412705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15932.464152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15932.464152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15932.464152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15932.464152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15932.464152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15932.464152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         9961                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         9961                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    890035443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890035443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    890035443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    890035443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    890035443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    890035443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12661.253030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12661.253030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12661.253030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12661.253030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12661.253030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12661.253030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       416342                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.883228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1770277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       416358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.251815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.883228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.992702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.992702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1769725                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1769725                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1769725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1769725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1769725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1769725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       419484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       419484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419484                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       419484                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6385842770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6385842770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6385842770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6385842770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6385842770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6385842770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2189209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2189209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2189209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2189209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2189209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2189209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15223.090201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15223.090201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15223.090201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15223.090201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15223.090201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15223.090201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       148652                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       148652                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       419484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       419484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       419484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5039467109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5039467109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5039467109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5039467109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5039467109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5039467109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12013.490643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.490643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12013.490643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.490643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12013.490643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.490643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1631734                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.974583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24405738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1632246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.952242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.110499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.864083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15499645                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15499645                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8836489                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8836489                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24336134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24336134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24336134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24336134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2380605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2380605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       267849                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       267849                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2648454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2648454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2648454                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2648454                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95643558988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95643558988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15514250445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15514250445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111157809433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 111157809433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111157809433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 111157809433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17880250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17880250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9104338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9104338                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26984588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26984588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26984588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26984588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40176.156476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40176.156476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57921.629146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57921.629146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41970.828805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41970.828805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41970.828805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41970.828805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       841000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           841000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       977198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       977198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       979606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       979606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       979606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       979606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1403407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1403407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       265441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       265441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1668848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1668848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1668848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1668848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39984858212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39984858212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14446965359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14446965359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54431823571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54431823571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54431823571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54431823571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268138262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268138262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    430070218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430070218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    698208480                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    698208480                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029155                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029155                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28491.277450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28491.277450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54426.276871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54426.276871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32616.405791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32616.405791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32616.405791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32616.405791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               241835269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18743088                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18743088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2059061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14584755                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10267510                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     63817714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88273630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18743088                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10267510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27607322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8424847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2046695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      95907172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        28919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       284083                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1190                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13531098                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1272370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          30521                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    195900563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.822371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.249595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       169200312     86.37%     86.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1562864      0.80%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1553284      0.79%     87.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2439122      1.25%     89.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2238422      1.14%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1828728      0.93%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1846144      0.94%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1911611      0.98%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13320076      6.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    195900563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.077504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.365016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        66661977                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     97063215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24536851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1431052                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6207468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156752085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          461                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6207468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        68980520                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       73532028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13742928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23493555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9944064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     151993272                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       156743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3048549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5790065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       217189                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170478254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395180978                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    393501733                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1679245                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123186124                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47292046                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       419978                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       419494                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21673244                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25084533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12083255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3630170                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2195994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145264827                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       511864                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132691174                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       437048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35099690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54947972                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       168213                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    195900563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.677339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    139131119     71.02%     71.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22030916     11.25%     82.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14768745      7.54%     89.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8215825      4.19%     94.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5793139      2.96%     96.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3299273      1.68%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1933914      0.99%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       618168      0.32%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       109464      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    195900563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         292620     43.55%     43.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     43.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     43.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6307      0.94%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        247177     36.78%     81.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125881     18.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       877644      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97462811     73.45%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       430565      0.32%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22865231     17.23%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11054923      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132691174                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.548684                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             671985                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005064                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    461912999                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180061997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128379028                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1114519                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       896364                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       516364                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     131930321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         555194                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4386123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6331573                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39616                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        87630                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2977102                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        24323                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6207468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       52974553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       888912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145776691                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1305734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25084533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12083255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       484697                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        423462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        28388                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        87630                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1274837                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2264580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130414523                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22284312                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2276648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33124535                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14225426                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10840223                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.539270                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129167013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            128895392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87579708                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141732882                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.532988                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.617921                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37292495                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2094887                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    189740887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.571713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.616903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    154943198     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13870671      7.31%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4993836      2.63%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5541685      2.92%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2300834      1.21%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1217699      0.64%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       724417      0.38%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       832747      0.44%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5315800      2.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    189740887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60160331                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108477360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27859088                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18752942                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10431                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12563433                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107931213                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5315800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           330059891                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          297776432                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 951977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               45934706                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            62039302                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60160331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108477360                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60160331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.019846                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.019846                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.248766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.248766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       264760958                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      142807566                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           851362                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          445401                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63307715                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392772                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2104520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       366968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302824816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49065918                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355396894                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302824816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302824816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34157358                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42059327                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        45871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37853102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7767884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45949073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4685658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4810097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       150765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10074249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     20797651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3626514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2992627648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          484887681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3512164509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2992627648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2992627648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     77596705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            493496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         337555737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            415645939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     77747471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10567745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     20797651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3626514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2992627648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         822443418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3927810447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               83922926                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        11869                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                81546018                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2376908                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7600                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4269                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                273                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      303875349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28620355                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53499471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53065912                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390245                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4485152                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53065912                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390245                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137625564                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60226050                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652835                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12438390                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7761466                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4676924                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             241139042.903060                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62736306.096940                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.206454                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.793546                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
