
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 172399                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   307399                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93940043                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535933                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              301184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14245014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463729988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278106500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1031339000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463729988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         463949142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14245014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463729988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278106500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1294543024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.635093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615216000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.635093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.539693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.539693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1217                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1217                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    219030848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    219030848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    219866848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    219866848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    219866848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    219866848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179976.046015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179976.046015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177741.995150                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177741.995150                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177741.995150                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177741.995150                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1157400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 116                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9977.586207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       591800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       591800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    204391584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204391584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    204983384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    204983384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    204983384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204983384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167947.069844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167947.069844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165710.092158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165710.092158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165710.092158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165710.092158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           256                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1816.117259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.425781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           85.476948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.977676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.214377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.257345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1167.685784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    513.505261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.020868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5091                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             666                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  666                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          638                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3531                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7579301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3002363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222226411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103076846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335884921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32867869                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32867869                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7579301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3002363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222226411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135944715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       368752790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7579301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3002363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222226411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135944715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      368752790                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.387070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779703                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.780247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.405350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.405350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 113123.895522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111198.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103409.218706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107371.714583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104474.314463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104342.441270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104012.243671                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 113123.895522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111198.629630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103409.218706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106623.305882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104432.962334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 113123.895522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111198.629630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103409.218706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106623.305882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104432.962334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6963001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2853863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210357016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97816608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317990488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31118869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31118869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6963001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2853863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210357016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128935477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349109357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6963001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2853863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210357016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128935477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349109357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10245214                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10245214                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107123.092308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105698.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97886.000931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101892.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99340.983443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98790.060317                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98790.060317                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107123.092308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105698.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97886.000931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101125.864314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99291.625995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107123.092308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105698.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97886.000931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101125.864314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99291.625995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1781.891860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.382905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.891952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.258636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1196.509069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    533.849434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           33                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3491                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6740801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2762063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202685445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94428149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306616458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29969776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29969776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6740801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2762063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202685445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124397925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336586234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6740801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2762063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202685445                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124397925                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336586234                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103704.630769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102298.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95787.072306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98774.214435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96541.705919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95445.146497                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95142.146032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103704.630769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102298.629630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95787.072306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97951.122047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96415.420796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103704.630769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102298.629630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95787.072306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97951.122047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96415.420796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           65                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5838265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2387762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172976318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81084535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262286880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25504682                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25504682                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5838265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2387762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172976318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106589217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287791562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5838265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2387762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172976318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106589217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287791562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9152534                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9152534                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89819.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88435.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81746.842155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84816.459205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82897.243995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81225.101911                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81225.101911                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89819.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88435.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81746.842155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83928.517323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82746.280046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89819.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88435.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81746.842155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83928.517323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82746.280046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3643                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               428.690518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.886083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598732749000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.164468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   428.526050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.836965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.837286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4869                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4870                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4869                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317457243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317457243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317457243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    317457243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317457243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    317457243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65199.680222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65186.292197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65199.680222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65186.292197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65199.680222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65186.292197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247010637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    247010637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247010637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247010637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247010637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247010637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59463.321377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59463.321377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59463.321377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59463.321377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59463.321377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59463.321377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          113                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.233308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.867257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748804300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.098190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.693637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.702082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4556987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4556987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4556987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4556987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4556987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4556987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36166.563492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35325.480620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36166.563492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35325.480620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36166.563492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35325.480620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4152562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4152562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4152562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4152562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4152562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4152562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.165789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32956.841270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32956.841270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32956.841270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32956.841270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32956.841270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32956.841270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2496                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.905024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.279247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620431300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.825852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.079172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2506                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2506                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37120922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37120922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37120922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37120922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37120922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37120922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.765692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.765692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.765692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14812.818037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14771.556705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14812.818037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14771.556705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14812.818037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14771.556705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29389359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29389359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29389359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29389359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29389359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29389359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11727.597366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11727.597366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11727.597366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11727.597366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11727.597366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11727.597366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.602480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.637907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.435976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   369.166503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.721028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.721880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17337                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17338                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48893                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2752                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2753                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217355372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217355372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37080312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37080312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254435684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254435684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254435684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254435684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78980.876453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78952.187432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88921.611511                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88708.880383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80288.950458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80238.310943                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80288.950458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80238.310943                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          666                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              666                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112628671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112628671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34624795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34624795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147253466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147253466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147253466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147253466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652569                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652569                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022868                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022866                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74637.952949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74637.952949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85282.746305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85282.746305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76894.760313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76894.760313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76894.760313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76894.760313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44266                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6891                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33840                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17679                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       199701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                211248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62529                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        165079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          878                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4143                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             74                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.866762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.339503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392566     86.52%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2817      0.62%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2454      0.54%     87.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3268      0.72%     88.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4962      1.09%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3784      0.83%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5726      1.26%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2701      0.60%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35466      7.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175503                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56728                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20367                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        377664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20367                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204129                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54167                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53730                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        359054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       395640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       897635                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       897481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243142                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152360                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1031                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1034                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36444                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27430                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1450                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1715                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296340                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166131                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          824                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.653100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.426902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343726     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36752      8.10%     83.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23523      5.18%     89.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17972      3.96%     93.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12768      2.81%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9736      2.15%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6472      1.43%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2318      0.51%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          477      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            749     48.35%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           419     27.05%     75.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          381     24.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3241      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228253     77.02%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41556     14.02%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23280      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296340                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337971                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1549                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005227                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1050636                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       445589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17851                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9622                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20367                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335494                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27430                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1337                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           518                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6609                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287623                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39403                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29484                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22244                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328029                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185635                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295227                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321986                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628787                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119677                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.429747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359586     82.96%     82.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27266      6.29%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13663      3.15%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11664      2.69%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6787      1.57%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3402      0.78%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2001      0.46%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2753      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6344      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117256                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47302                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29500                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23904                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213856                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6344                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762427                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             691496                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2786                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423078                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215771                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.477843                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.477843                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558154                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308371                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126106                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.032499                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3032499261204                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10631562414714                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62528                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108636                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62800383                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5309232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 48287.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019365442                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5245820582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1974656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7268736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1381312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     97920576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    483770048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           592328128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     97920576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       97920576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    266616640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        266616640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1530009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7558907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9255127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4165885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4165885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       651165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2396946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       455503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     32290387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    159528497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              195326718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     32290387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          32290387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         87919771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              87919771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         87919771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       651165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2396946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       455503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     32290387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    159528497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             283246489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    31669                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.969485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    31685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.813925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.155560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.009722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.998093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            19                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               19                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          464                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30976                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          31234                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            31850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          410                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           31850                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     19163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7136712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26299712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5572832128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5593085128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5591995128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27389712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5619384840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5591995128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27389712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5619384840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          31918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         31918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.926316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.857741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.857741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41299.568966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46952.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42694.337662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179908.061983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        78500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179070.408145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177862.440458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66804.175610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176432.805024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177862.440458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66804.175610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176432.805024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     37263400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10529.358576                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          31144                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               31144                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        31234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     13487900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5251000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18738900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5199594692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17087200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5216681892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5213082592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22338200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5235420792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5213082592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22338200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5235420792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.857741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.857741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29068.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34546.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30420.292208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167858.816245                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66229.457364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167019.334443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165810.515013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54483.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164377.418901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165810.515013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54483.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164377.418901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          484                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1982464                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          484                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      30451657                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4014.050565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       131189200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      30455730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.307538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7628252928166                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          992.615983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.004844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.148349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.561437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    923.050277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1907.667853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.242338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.225354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.465739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47268878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3961185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18763165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     35503248                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              105496476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        31331385                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             31331385                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1520371                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1520371                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8874525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              8874525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47268878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3961185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18763165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44377773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               114371001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47268878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3961185                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18763165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44377773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              114371001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676010                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7081678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16820136                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24803175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5571300                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5571300                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7081678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22391436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              30374475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676010                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225351                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7081678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22391436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             30374475                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23850821605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6737938036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 277759039152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 725493593694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033841392487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254710874                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    254710874                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376327237694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 376327237694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23850821605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6737938036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 277759039152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1101820831388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1410168630181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23850821605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6737938036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 277759039152                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1101820831388                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1410168630181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47944888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4186536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     25844843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52323384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          130299651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     31331385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         31331385                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1531254                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1531254                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14445825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         14445825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47944888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4186536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     25844843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     66769209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           144745476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47944888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4186536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     25844843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     66769209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          144745476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.190355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007107                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007107                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385669                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.385669                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.209847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.209847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35281.758561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29899.747665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39222.206820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43132.445165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41681.816642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23404.472480                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23404.472480                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67547.473246                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67547.473246                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35281.758561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29899.747665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39222.206820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49207.242956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46426.107124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35281.758561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29899.747665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39222.206820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49207.242956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46426.107124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11332347                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11332347                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7081668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16820056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24802954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10883                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10883                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5571300                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5571300                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7081668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22391356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         30374254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7081668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22391356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        30374254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20171551777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5489785416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 237685237427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 631448514765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 894795089385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    883591743                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    883591743                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 345166783753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 345166783753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20171551777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5489785416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 237685237427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 976615298518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239961873138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20171551777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5489785416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 237685237427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 976615298518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1239961873138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    177660220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    177660220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    411476236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    411476236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    589136456                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    589136456                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007107                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007107                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.385669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.209846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29842.134054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24367.855438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33563.453896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37541.403832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36076.150018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81190.089405                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81190.089405                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61954.442186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61954.442186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29842.134054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24367.855438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33563.453896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43615.728253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40822.792657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29842.134054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24367.855438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33563.453896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43615.728253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40822.792657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       9198950                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32222.755894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26909010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9231709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.914846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628095416700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11047.735166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.048493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.036557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   522.723139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.385793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6462.832974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14058.988057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.337150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.197230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.429046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562368                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       203705                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5551658                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12463873                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18781604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11332347                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11332347                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1893                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1893                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2367818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2367818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       203705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5551658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14831691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                21149422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562368                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       203705                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5551658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14831691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               21149422                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113574                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21583                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1530010                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4356183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              6021350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9200                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9200                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3203272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3203272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7559455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9224622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113574                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1530010                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7559455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9224622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10590149407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2043030549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142959674336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 407871949360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   563464803652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67550314                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     67550314                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 297371051144                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 297371051144                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10590149407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2043030549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142959674336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 705243000504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    860835854796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10590149407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2043030549                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142959674336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 705243000504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   860835854796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7081668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16820056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24802954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11332347                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11332347                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11093                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11093                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5571090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5571090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7081668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22391146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            30374044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       225288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7081668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22391146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           30374044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.216052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.242767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829352                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.829352                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.574981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.216052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.303701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.216052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.303701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93244.487356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94659.247973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.084945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93630.581948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93577.819534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7342.425435                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7342.425435                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92833.531197                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92833.531197                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93244.487356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94659.247973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.084945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93292.836653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.363633                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93244.487356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94659.247973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.084945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93292.836653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.363633                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4134741                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4134741                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1530010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4356183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6021350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3203272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3203272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7559455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9224622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1530010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7559455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9224622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8997252916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1741258640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121386226757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 346526397663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 478651135976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    717941343                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    717941343                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 251465947525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 251465947525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8997252916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1741258640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121386226757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 597992345188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 730117083501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8997252916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1741258640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121386226757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 597992345188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 730117083501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    158424052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    158424052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    361973776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    361973776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    520397828                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    520397828                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.216052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829352                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829352                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.216052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.303701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.216052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79219.301213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80677.321966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.884567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79548.172715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79492.329125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78037.102500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78037.102500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78502.839448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78502.839448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79219.301213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80677.321966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.884567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79105.219250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79148.726474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79219.301213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80677.321966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.884567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79105.219250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79148.726474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6408                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         66                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   23822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       111                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9030                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            37                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6917                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    16905                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             15                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             22                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  39                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              25844968                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.996027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               740049053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              25845480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.633597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    740044148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      740044148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    740044148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       740044148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    740044148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      740044148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     27817810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     27817810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     27817810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      27817810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     27817810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     27817810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 662014071395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 662014071395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 662014071395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 662014071395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 662014071395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 662014071395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767861958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    767861958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767861958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    767861958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767861958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    767861958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23798.209543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23798.209543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23798.209543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23798.209543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23798.209543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23798.209543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     16349384                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            403                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40569.191067                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1972721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1972721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1972721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1972721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1972721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1972721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25845089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     25845089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25845089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     25845089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25845089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     25845089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 507695522185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 507695522185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 507695522185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 507695522185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 507695522185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 507695522185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19643.790826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19643.790826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19643.790826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19643.790826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19643.790826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19643.790826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4186856                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      14202985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4186872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.392266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14202817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     14202817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14202817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     14202817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14202817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     14202817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4187061                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4187061                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4187061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4187061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4187061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4187061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66537840569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66537840569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66537840569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  66537840569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66537840569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  66537840569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18389878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18389878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18389878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     18389878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18389878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     18389878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15891.299546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15891.299546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15891.299546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15891.299546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15891.299546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15891.299546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4806                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4806                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4187061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4187061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4187061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4187061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4187061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4187061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53358063645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53358063645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53358063645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53358063645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53358063645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53358063645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12743.560136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12743.560136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12743.560136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12743.560136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12743.560136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12743.560136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     47959097                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      94515908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     47959113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.970760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94515302                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     94515302                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94515302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     94515302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94515302                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     94515302                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47969910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     47969910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47969910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     47969910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47969910                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     47969910                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 607205776848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 607205776848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 607205776848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 607205776848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 607205776848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 607205776848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    142485212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    142485212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    142485212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    142485212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    142485212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    142485212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.336666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.336666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.336666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12658.055369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12658.055369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12658.055369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12658.055369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12658.055369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12658.055369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        37956                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        37956                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47969910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     47969910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47969910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47969910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47969910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47969910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 457592838030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 457592838030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 457592838030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 457592838030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 457592838030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 457592838030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9539.163989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9539.163989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9539.163989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9539.163989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9539.163989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9539.163989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              66768770                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1488059608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              66769282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.286590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1097708217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1097708217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    388558529                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     388558529                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1486266746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1486266746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1486266746                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1486266746                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     82031696                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     82031696                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16024089                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16024089                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     98055785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      98055785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     98055785                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     98055785                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2408850664367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2408850664367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 577411172896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 577411172896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2986261837263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2986261837263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2986261837263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2986261837263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1179739913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1179739913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    404582618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    404582618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1584322531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1584322531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1584322531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1584322531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29364.877015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29364.877015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36033.946947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36033.946947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30454.723679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30454.723679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30454.723679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30454.723679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     31288623                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         31288623                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29689755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     29689755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        77763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        77763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29767518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     29767518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29767518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     29767518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     52341941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     52341941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15946326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15946326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     68288267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     68288267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     68288267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     68288267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1156131414154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1156131414154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 516778628153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 516778628153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1672910042307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672910042307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1672910042307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672910042307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    185326659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    185326659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    430062265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430062265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    615388924                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    615388924                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039414                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039414                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22088.050081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22088.050081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32407.378863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32407.378863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24497.766832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24497.766832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24497.766832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24497.766832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9106604388                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       892725733                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    892725733                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     97285089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    645989648                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       523037337                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2975115451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4957801728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          892725733                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    523037337                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1466725325                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      515221450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         131892639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2847194334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       139708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2952396                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         5210                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        767862313                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     48572399                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1967679                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7840171868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.107578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.550133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6397580061     81.60%     81.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        90184187      1.15%     82.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        86643848      1.11%     83.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       131821824      1.68%     85.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4       100363178      1.28%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       120888670      1.54%     88.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        90876616      1.16%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7       100999835      1.29%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       720813649      9.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7840171868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.098031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.544418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3085142617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2929940152                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1351309960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     57632334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     416146805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8477604416                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         4074                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     416146805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3209588761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2382371488                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39746732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1273606641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    518711441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8243329676                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4767868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      90920665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    399987937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2832841                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9231130788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20781453546                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20709808608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     71644938                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5910904893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3320225889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1683612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1693861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1120770485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1605672575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    644092496                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    105093594                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     71709650                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7879764663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3839676                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6865004735                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     16026344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2569267816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3841080314                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1776073                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7840171868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.875619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.496209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5036749138     64.24%     64.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1018410333     12.99%     77.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    705699795      9.00%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    432285222      5.51%     91.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    300540683      3.83%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    194947285      2.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    106483056      1.36%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     37909195      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7147161      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7840171868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9639201     29.83%     29.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        53899      0.17%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13404618     41.48%     71.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9218397     28.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     47434830      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4917448072     71.63%     72.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11433039      0.17%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1360954949     19.82%     92.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    527733845      7.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6865004735                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.753849                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           32316115                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21612829698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10416225454                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6638088128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     43533165                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     37920364                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     20068382                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6828204039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       21681981                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    145461958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    549924584                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1196733                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1334196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    239516135                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       334431                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1146                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     416146805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1685772318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     36432299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7883604339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     46163373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1605672575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    644092506                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3211909                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      14110439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4412705                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1334196                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     66786310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     37999885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    104786195                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6753823061                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1325574579                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    111181673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1843213019                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       647162304                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         517638440                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.741640                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6678811711                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6658156510                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4670527196                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7238527647                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.731135                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645232                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2677931074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2063603                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     97629917                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7424318292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.701677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.757598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5811727907     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    554006943      7.46%     85.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    251476853      3.39%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    304858780      4.11%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    112759888      1.52%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     65325681      0.88%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49152501      0.66%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34723878      0.47%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    240285861      3.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7424318292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999760454                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5209473986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1460324396                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1055748002                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             253324                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         546649366                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15681947                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5177478208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    240285861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15070971155                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16192682721                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26020248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1266432520                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999760454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5209473986                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999760454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.035777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.035777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.329405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.329405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13100979522                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7404312476                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         19179202                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14896820                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3255981256                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1554842                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       194858088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        32892806                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          228542094                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    194858088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     194858088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24033631                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25271629                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24357261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5172174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29627500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3239606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3259082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       182725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        74460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           64256599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           10846765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              75364270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      64256599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         64256599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       406561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7925354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8333598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       407352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       182725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        74460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          64256599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          18772119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             83697868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6408                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        66                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  23822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      111                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9030                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           37                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   16905                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6917                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            22                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            15                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 48                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9099794080                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18530040                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34441293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34303809                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2769296                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34303809                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89593084                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39309122                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8433633                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5186943                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3246690                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9059546925.668707                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40247154.331293                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004423                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995577                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
