
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58527                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   104340                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31854756                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536546                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              311296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465044912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    282927890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1065965341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465044912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         465264066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465044912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    282927890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1357221085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.731514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613482000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.731514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248722832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248722832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249633832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249633832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249633832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249633832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 185061.630952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185061.630952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182748.046852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182748.046852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182748.046852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182748.046852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1633400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 164                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9959.756098                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       633700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       633700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232540084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232540084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233173784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233173784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233173784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233173784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28804.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28804.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173020.895833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173020.895833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170698.231332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170698.231332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170698.231332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170698.231332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             1                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1858.327726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                                 0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           62.502083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.553495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.339976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1204.928205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.004103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.007630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.147086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.065674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.226847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             553                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  553                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4603                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7893354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2685149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222237738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105698558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338514799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32608962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32608962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7893354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2685149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222237738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138307520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       371123761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7893354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2685149                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222237738                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138307520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      371123761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.414310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.821990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.433477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.433477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114396.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107405.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104730.319510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107855.671429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105522.069514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104181.987220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103850.197452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114396.434783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107405.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104730.319510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106966.372776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105373.015616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114396.434783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107405.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104730.319510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106966.372776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105373.015616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7515654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2548449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210528838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100328958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320921899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30871162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30871162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7515654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2548449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210528838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131200120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351793061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7515654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2548449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210528838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131200120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351793061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3181562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3181562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10244990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10244990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.431877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.565414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108922.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101937.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99212.459001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102376.487755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100413.610451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98629.910543                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98629.910543                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108922.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101937.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99212.459001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101469.543697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100254.505842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108922.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101937.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99212.459001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101469.543697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100254.505842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1799.105576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.952521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.341175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1205.201265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    540.610751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3520                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7277854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2462649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203327140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96921712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309989355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29638345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29638345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7277854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2462649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203327140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126560057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       339627700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7277854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2462649                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203327140                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126560057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      339627700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105476.144928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98505.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95818.633365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98899.706122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96630.098192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95300.144695                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94994.695513                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105476.144928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98505.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95818.633365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98032.577072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96485.142045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105476.144928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98505.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95818.633365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98032.577072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96485.142045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6321427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2115877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173521968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83260054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265219326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25215855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25215855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6321427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2115877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173521968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108475909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    290435181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6321427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2115877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173521968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108475909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    290435181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6318891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6318891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9152891                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9152891                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.996307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91614.884058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84635.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81772.840716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84959.238776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82984.770338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81079.919614                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81079.919614                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91614.884058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84635.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81772.840716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84024.716499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82815.848589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91614.884058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84635.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81772.840716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84024.716499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82815.848589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3242                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.733113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.738125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616681300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.435173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26113                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26113                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26122                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4430                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4431                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4431                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310754020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310754020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310754020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    310754020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310754020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    310754020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70147.634312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70131.803205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70147.634312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70131.803205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70147.634312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70131.803205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    242340501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242340501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    242340501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242340501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    242340501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242340501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64572.475620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64572.475620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64572.475620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64572.475620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64572.475620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64572.475620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          110                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.050180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.936364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598744980000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.915671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.682229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4167713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4167713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4167713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4167713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4167713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4167713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.182609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.182609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.182609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33883.845528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33077.087302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33883.845528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33077.087302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33883.845528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33077.087302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30701.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30701.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30701.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30701.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30701.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30701.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2541                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.279024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618735300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.102563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2558                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2558                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35915504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35915504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35915504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35915504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35915504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35915504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.764495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.764495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.764495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14078.990200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14040.462862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14078.990200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14040.462862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14078.990200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14040.462862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28027690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28027690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28027690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28027690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28027690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28027690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10986.942376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10986.942376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10986.942376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10986.942376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10986.942376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10986.942376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1175                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.188494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.380426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598700738300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.687114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32524                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32524                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17385                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17386                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49909                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49910                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2437                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2438                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2830                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218171884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218171884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36579477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36579477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254751361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254751361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254751361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254751361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89524.778006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89488.057424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93553.649616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93314.992347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90081.810820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90018.148763                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90081.810820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90018.148763                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          553                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              553                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112767015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112767015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34207789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34207789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146974804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146974804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146974804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146974804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7331497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7331497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652645                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652645                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86411.505747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86411.505747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89549.185864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89549.185864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87121.994072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87121.994072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87121.994072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87121.994072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876848                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44431                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44431                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32249                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17859                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       193956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214075                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17859                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63026                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          788                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             67                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       450502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.881237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.356333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388789     86.30%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2745      0.61%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2514      0.56%     87.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3346      0.74%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5074      1.13%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3675      0.82%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5772      1.28%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2811      0.62%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35776      7.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       450502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57181                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          198809                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51611                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54210                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          102                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       400254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       906212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       906058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244291                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1078                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336654                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1807                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298612                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1707                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111471                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          916                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       450502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.434466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339735     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36926      8.20%     83.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23548      5.23%     88.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18084      4.01%     92.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13120      2.91%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9870      2.19%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6513      1.45%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2218      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          488      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       450502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            723     48.20%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           390     26.00%     74.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3243      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229634     76.90%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42311     14.17%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23414      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298612                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340552                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1500                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005023                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1051937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450014                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284619                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18491                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9734                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          95221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          165                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289851                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40136                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29654                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22332                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330560                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285456                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284636                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187535                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           298050                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324613                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629207                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121728                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6996                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.434021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355506     82.68%     82.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27547      6.41%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13747      3.20%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11757      2.73%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6876      1.60%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3480      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2035      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2783      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6225      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117869                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47698                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29874                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24033                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762023                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697733                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2532                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 426346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.439174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.439174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562083                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311377                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127417                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.002465                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2002465385478                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9601528538988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21240                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21214020                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5037992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 94393.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004953603                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3477696308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1523584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4603072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1002432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61332736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    305425088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           373888192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61332736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61332736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    170564480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        170564480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       958324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4772267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5842003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2665070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2665070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       760854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2298702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       500599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30628612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    152524528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              186713935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30628612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30628612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         85177243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              85177243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         85177243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       760854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2298702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       500599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30628612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    152524528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             271891178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    24194                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    24210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.989548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.009846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             374                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23808                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            24206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           24206                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       677421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15993421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4279684024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4281616024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4295000024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2609421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4297609445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4295000024                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2609421                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4297609445                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23808                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          24212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         24212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42544.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48387.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42763.157754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179758.233535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        80500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179658.275596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177714.333995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68668.973684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177543.148186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177714.333995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68668.973684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177543.148186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28361800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2789                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10169.164575                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23824                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23824                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11331800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3992833480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1638100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3994471580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4003661480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2141900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4005803380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4003661480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2141900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4005803380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30077.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30298.930481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167709.739583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 68254.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167609.582914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165659.611056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56365.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165488.035198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165659.611056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56365.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165488.035198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          372                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1523712                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          372                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      13336345                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      8100.187133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        97113816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      13344505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.277439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7624554207600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         2296.845236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.017351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.015731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   217.667847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    67.745819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1814.676019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   3703.219009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.280377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.221518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.452053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31142401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2501053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13080555                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     23243069                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               69967078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        30199913                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             30199913                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       564107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              564107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15812742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             15812742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31142401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2501053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13080555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     39055811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                85779820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31142401                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2501053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13080555                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     39055811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               85779820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2591863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7425551                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             10275420                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7603                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7603                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3056855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3056855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2591863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     10482406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              13332275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2591863                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     10482406                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             13332275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10208296807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2467437823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 133887449842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 378655862732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   525219047204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94177252                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     94177252                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 234319486249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 234319486249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10208296807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2467437823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 133887449842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 612975348981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    759538533453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10208296807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2467437823                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 133887449842                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 612975348981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   759538533453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31346493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2554967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15672418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30668620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80242498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     30199913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         30199913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       571710                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          571710                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18869597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18869597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31346493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2554967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15672418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49538217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            99112095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31346493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2554967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15672418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49538217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           99112095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.128055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013299                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013299                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161999                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.161999                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.134517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.134517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 50018.113434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 45766.179898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 51656.839054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50993.638416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51114.119637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12386.854137                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12386.854137                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76653.778556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76653.778556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 50018.113434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 45766.179898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 51656.839054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58476.589151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56969.911996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 50018.113434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 45766.179898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 51656.839054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58476.589151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56969.911996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5383570                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5383570                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2591860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7425519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10275367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7603                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7603                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3056855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3056855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2591860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10482374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         13332222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2591860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10482374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        13332222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9091342963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2169131307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119271016774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 337102042454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 467633533498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    628342499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628342499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217170067602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 217170067602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9091342963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2169131307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119271016774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 554272110056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 684803601100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9091342963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2169131307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119271016774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 554272110056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 684803601100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102029573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102029573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    234001014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    234001014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    336030587                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    336030587                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013299                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013299                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.134517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 44546.627221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40242.130292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 46017.538283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45397.775220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45510.153895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82644.021965                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82644.021965                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71043.627389                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71043.627389                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 44546.627221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40242.130292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 46017.538283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52876.582161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51364.551318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 44546.627221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40242.130292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 46017.538283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52876.582161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51364.551318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5794754                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32015.776966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         9836049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5827270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          1.687934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8468904302269                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11403.656376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.070048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.050744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   463.156757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   117.137788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6318.950269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13712.749199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.348012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.192839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.418480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.977044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1633535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4759611                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                6563548                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5383570                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5383570                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1189                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1189                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       950266                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               950266                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1633535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5709877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 7513814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1633535                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5709877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                7513814                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71923                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       958325                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2665908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3711819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6461                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6461                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2106542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2106542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       958325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4772450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5818361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71923                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15663                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       958325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4772450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5818361                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6708052656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1482699970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89559926740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249526447099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   347277126465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     47441905                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     47441905                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 195545888151                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 195545888151                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6708052656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1482699970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89559926740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445072335250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    542823014616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6708052656                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1482699970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89559926740                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445072335250                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   542823014616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2591860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7425519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           10275367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5383570                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5383570                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3056808                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3056808                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2591860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10482327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            13332175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       204086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2591860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10482327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           13332175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.352415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.290583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.369744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.361235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844575                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.844575                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.689131                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.689131                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.352415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.290583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.369744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.436415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.352415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.290583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.369744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.436415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93267.142027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94662.578689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.649247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93599.046591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93559.822412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7342.811484                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7342.811484                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92827.908559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92827.908559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93267.142027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94662.578689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.649247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93258.669080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93294.832448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93267.142027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94662.578689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.649247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93258.669080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93294.832448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2641246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2641246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       958325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2665908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3711819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6461                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6461                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2106542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2106542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       958325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4772450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5818361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        71923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       958325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4772450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5818361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5699617654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1263701909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76048816885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211978143264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 294990279712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    506430708                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506430708                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165354030272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165354030272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5699617654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1263701909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76048816885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377332173536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 460344309984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5699617654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1263701909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76048816885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377332173536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 460344309984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91100462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91100462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    206043624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    206043624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    297144086                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    297144086                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.352415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.290583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.369744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844575                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844575                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.689131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.689131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.352415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.290583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.369744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.436415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.352415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.290583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.369744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79246.105613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80680.706697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.977236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79514.425578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79473.239323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78382.712893                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78382.712893                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78495.482298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78495.482298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79246.105613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80680.706697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.977236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79064.667736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79119.241653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79246.105613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80680.706697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.977236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79064.667736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79119.241653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3260                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      927                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2333                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15672484                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               483591445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15672996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 30.855074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    483583231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      483583231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    483583231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       483583231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    483583231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      483583231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16771318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16771318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16771318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16771318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16771318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16771318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 378189882499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 378189882499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 378189882499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 378189882499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 378189882499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 378189882499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    500354549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    500354549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    500354549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    500354549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    500354549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    500354549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22549.800946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22549.800946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22549.800946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22549.800946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22549.800946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22549.800946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9562194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            233                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41039.459227                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1098734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1098734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1098734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1098734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1098734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1098734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15672584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15672584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15672584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15672584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15672584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15672584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 286861560587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 286861560587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 286861560587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 286861560587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 286861560587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 286861560587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18303.399145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18303.399145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18303.399145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18303.399145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18303.399145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18303.399145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2555102                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9017835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2555118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.529322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9017644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9017644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9017644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9017644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9017644                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9017644                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2555303                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2555303                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2555303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2555303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2555303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2555303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39266991767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39266991767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39266991767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39266991767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39266991767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39266991767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11572947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11572947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11572947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11572947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11572947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11572947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15366.863251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15366.863251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15366.863251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15366.863251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15366.863251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15366.863251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          666                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          666                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2555303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2555303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2555303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2555303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2555303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2555303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31234432577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31234432577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31234432577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31234432577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31234432577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31234432577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12223.377258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12223.377258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12223.377258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12223.377258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12223.377258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12223.377258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31354247                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      62672075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31354263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.998837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62671739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     62671739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62671739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     62671739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62671739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     62671739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31361798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31361798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31361798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31361798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31361798                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31361798                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 403526789159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 403526789159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 403526789159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 403526789159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 403526789159                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 403526789159                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94033537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94033537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94033537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94033537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94033537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94033537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.333517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.333517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.333517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12866.825721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12866.825721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12866.825721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12866.825721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12866.825721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12866.825721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        16396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        16396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31361798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31361798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31361798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31361798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31361798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31361798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 305835094591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 305835094591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 305835094591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 305835094591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 305835094591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 305835094591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9751.835484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9751.835484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9751.835484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9751.835484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9751.835484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9751.835484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              49538425                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               978255367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              49538937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.747201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    731485719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      731485719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    246065051                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     246065051                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    977550770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       977550770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    977550770                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      977550770                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47176369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47176369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19468493                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19468493                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66644862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66644862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66644862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66644862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1382126187101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1382126187101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 522353140122                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 522353140122                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1904479327223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1904479327223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1904479327223                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1904479327223                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    778662088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    778662088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    265533544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    265533544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1044195632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1044195632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1044195632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1044195632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.073318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29297.002215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29297.002215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26830.692038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26830.692038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28576.536436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28576.536436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28576.536436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28576.536436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     30182851                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         30182851                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16502721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16502721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16539886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     16539886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16539886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     16539886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30673648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30673648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19431328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19431328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50104976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     50104976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50104976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     50104976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 659827779011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 659827779011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 449302678097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 449302678097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1109130457108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1109130457108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1109130457108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1109130457108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    106387205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    106387205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    245991682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    245991682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    352378887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    352378887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21511.226151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21511.226151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23122.592450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23122.592450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22136.133886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22136.133886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22136.133886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22136.133886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6013409566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       584342623                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    584342623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63431715                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    421026469                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       339794131                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1918023603                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3241113330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          584342623                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    339794131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            956630711                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      325055262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          82900446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2077042483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       113804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1775535                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2520                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        500354765                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31168226                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1193755                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5297194597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.070102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.516379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4356206206     82.24%     82.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59952430      1.13%     83.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57113093      1.08%     84.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        83974198      1.59%     86.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64876365      1.22%     87.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        78208943      1.48%     88.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58626644      1.11%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65766941      1.24%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       472469777      8.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5297194597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.097173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.538981                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1984197960                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2133292871                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        880311128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38687143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     260705495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5533918473                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2078                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     260705495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2069633047                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1752552765                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14744366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        825703320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    373855604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5378408191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2689076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      55351055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    301585361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1627260                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6034632067                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13545875205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13499542624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     46332581                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3941322582                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2093309510                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       420940                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       418904                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        781845851                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1053370756                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    406683050                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     64891715                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40925013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5141743467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1417333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4512828980                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9700051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1608045728                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2385147354                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       721157                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5297194597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.851928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.480387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3440133971     64.94%     64.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    691144981     13.05%     77.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    462288535      8.73%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    280995090      5.30%     92.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    194414361      3.67%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    127609092      2.41%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70671366      1.33%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25107049      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4830152      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5297194597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6358142     32.12%     32.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27444      0.14%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8727022     44.09%     76.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4681836     23.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31569648      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3231914358     71.62%     72.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7339444      0.16%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    901462985     19.98%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    340542545      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4512828980                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.750461                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19794444                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004386                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14349162362                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6727849461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4366663498                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     28128604                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     24103670                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13076377                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4487039890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       14013886                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     99540487                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    346649428                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       869362                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       785500                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    141153213                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       221477                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        23451                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     260705495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1243460005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     25842648                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5143160800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     31325071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1053370756                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    406683050                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       986198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       7977592                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3106708                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       785500                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43353531                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24787798                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     68141329                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4441462210                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    878464335                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     71366768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1212671320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       427044823                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         334206985                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.738593                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4393345692                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4379739875                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3063111042                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4725598041                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.728329                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648195                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1677136796                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       696176                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63636260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5036521308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.688589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.728879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3939573953     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    390128273      7.75%     85.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    169454373      3.36%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    206811673      4.11%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76227243      1.51%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44117758      0.88%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32680459      0.65%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23182317      0.46%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    154345259      3.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5036521308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999758387                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3468090845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             972251161                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            706721322                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             185926                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         363399194                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10434511                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3446234379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    154345259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10027251871                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10552244085                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               14665143                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              716214969                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999758387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3468090845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999758387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.007068                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.007068                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.332550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.332550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8638574490                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4882921229                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12549293                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9581336                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2141907718                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        385956                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43349728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7334511                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           50800375                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43349728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43349728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5264183                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6497535                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5418716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1126031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6559188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          707272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             726555                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        37634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           21648178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3662740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              25368915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21648178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         21648178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       615689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               228                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2628851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3244768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       616892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        37634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          21648178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6291591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             28613683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3260                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2333                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     927                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6013227718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4118202                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7697209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7664651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       577033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7664651                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19722956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8819792                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1836811                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1127827                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   708984                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6004228508.676586                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             8999209.323414                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001497                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998503                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
