
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 179699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   317427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               97020110                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1205270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              278208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    204828309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    537174837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              755206668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    204828309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         205002040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    204828309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    537174837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             755206668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           533                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2179.459716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              66                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.123827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          289.079563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.208120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.108872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.953134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.381182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    545.867538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1307.861312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.070576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.133268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.319302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.532095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3034                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4491                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1025                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1025                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3034                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          181                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4521                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3660                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5069278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122141945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245612431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      374614066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       484234                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       484234                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73176203                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73176203                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5069278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122141945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318788634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       447790269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5069278                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122141945                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318788634                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      447790269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1025                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1025                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.449025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959184                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.959239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.491279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.491279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99397.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105318.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102640.289916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102637.873381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102353.569945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16141.133333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16141.133333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103796.032624                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103649.012748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99397.607843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105318.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102640.289916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102901.431246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102563.048328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99397.607843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105318.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102640.289916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102901.431246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102563.048328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4787878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1697612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115573821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232349433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354408744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1488986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69311003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69311003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4787878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1697612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115573821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301660436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    423719747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4787878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1697612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115573821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301660436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    423719747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.490154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.490154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93879.960784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99859.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97120.857983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97095.458838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97071.691044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49632.866667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49632.866667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98313.479433                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98313.479433                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93879.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99859.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97120.857983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97372.639122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97272.669192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93879.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99859.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97120.857983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97372.639122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97272.669192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1990.916929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           10.173954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.328603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.402429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.473264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    556.126039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1380.412669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              49                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   49                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4347                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4592578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1638412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111394818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224175114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      341800922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66899592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66899592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4592578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1638412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111394818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291074706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       408700514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4592578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1638412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111394818                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291074706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      408700514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           49                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               49                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.960784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.994809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.960784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.995648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.960784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.995648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93726.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96377.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94482.458015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93915.003770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93875.562208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94893.038298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94758.628895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93726.081633                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96377.176471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94482.458015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94138.003234                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94018.981827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93726.081633                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96377.176471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94482.458015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94138.003234                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94018.981827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3907675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1402135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94824984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190570948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290705742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56913526                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56913526                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3907675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1402135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94824984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247484474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347619268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3907675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1402135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94824984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247484474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347619268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79748.469388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82478.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80428.315522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79837.012149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80040.127203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80728.405674                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80728.405674                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79748.469388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82478.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80428.315522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.256792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80152.010145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79748.469388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82478.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80428.315522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.256792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80152.010145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1428                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               334.477882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.238095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.544416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   333.933466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.652214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.653277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31849                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31849                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165341379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165341379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165341379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165341379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165341379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165341379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73257.146212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73224.702834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73257.146212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73224.702834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73257.146212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73224.702834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131351573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131351573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131351573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131351573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131351573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131351573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68234.583377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68234.583377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68234.583377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68234.583377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68234.583377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68234.583377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          189                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.658671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019266187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.514295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.144375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4321880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4321880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4321880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4321880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4321880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4321880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19123.362832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18790.782609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19123.362832                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18790.782609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19123.362832                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18790.782609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3605965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3605965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3605965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3605965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3605965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3605965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.164244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15955.597345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15955.597345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15955.597345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15955.597345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15955.597345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15955.597345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         3106                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.407514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.647778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125008300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.741104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.858819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.900470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2201                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2201                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         3156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         3156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36794075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36794075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36794075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36794075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36794075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36794075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.589082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.589136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.589082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.589136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.589082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.589136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11676.951761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11658.452155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11676.951761                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11658.452155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11676.951761                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11658.452155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           20                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27018880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27018880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27018880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27018880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27018880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27018880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.589082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.589082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.589082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8574.700095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8574.700095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8574.700095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8574.700095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8574.700095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8574.700095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3156                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               478.970695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.961660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019082117300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.349805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.620891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.934806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45622                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21996                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21996                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7360                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          799                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          800                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    698311665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    698311665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79560083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79560083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    777871748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    777871748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    777871748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    777871748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94879.302310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94853.526895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99574.571965                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99450.103750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95339.103812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95304.061259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95339.103812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95304.061259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255780855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255780855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76374722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76374722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332155577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332155577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332155577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332155577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034920                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034918                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87237.672237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87237.672237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95948.143216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95948.143216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89097.526019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89097.526019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89097.526019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89097.526019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1105983                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57001                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        36935                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24218                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158762                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                268395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57001                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24218                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        479645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1693                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34106                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2848                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             72                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       753983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.651340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.049250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          671847     89.11%     89.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9018      1.20%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5197      0.69%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3595      0.48%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5739      0.76%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5507      0.73%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5410      0.72%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3409      0.45%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44261      5.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       753983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242676                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          162090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       488201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4494                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24370                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        472956                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24370                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          171618                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         394739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62720                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        30792                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        450795                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          214                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       540526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1176397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1176397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       333699                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          206682                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74441                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30195                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1879                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            425494                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           371974                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       753983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.493345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.223008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       604350     80.15%     80.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55943      7.42%     87.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34469      4.57%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22634      3.00%     95.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16454      2.18%     97.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10641      1.41%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6734      0.89%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2298      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          460      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       753983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            807     34.52%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           805     34.43%     68.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          726     31.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2993      0.80%      0.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       281345     75.64%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59815     16.08%     92.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27821      7.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        371974                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336329                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2338                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1504132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       571581                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       358907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        371319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4383                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22360                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          113                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7400                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24370                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355548                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       427651                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66859                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30195                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          113                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1938                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       364179                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57569                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37412                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27207                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329281                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                359950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               358907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           249015                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           397857                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324514                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625891                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       150166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6505                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       729775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.380039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       637893     87.41%     87.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35960      4.93%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13904      1.91%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15074      2.07%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7164      0.98%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3476      0.48%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2935      0.40%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2245      0.31%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11124      1.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       729775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155865                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        277343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67279                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44484                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30614                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           276965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11124                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1145218                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             879650                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 352000                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               277343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.095775                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.095775                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140929                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140929                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          728222                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         417769                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168986                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.089465                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1089465172938                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6109232442543                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59978                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   112015                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               76451509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4658760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14250.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   854709818                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1596258490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3534336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       953920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10251648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            14951616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       953920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         953920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11087296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11087296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       160182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               233619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         173239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              173239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3244102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       875586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9409799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13723813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       875586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            875586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10176825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10176825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10176825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3244102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       875586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9409799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              23900637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105361                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.471930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.522686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020558138000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.116211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.355719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8157                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8157                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26828                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26828                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103861                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103888                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99383                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101111                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203244                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204999                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4608034246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4609136246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126694784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6700552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6827246784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127796784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11308586246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11436383030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127796784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11308586246                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11436383030                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925349                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40814.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44367.320226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44366.396947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73318.740741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67421.510721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67522.295141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72818.680342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55640.443241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55787.506427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72818.680342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55640.443241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55787.506427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       448000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  50                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8960                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       762300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3323802819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3324565119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105895092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5472371702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5578266794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106657392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8796174521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8902831913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106657392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8796174521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8902831913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925349                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28233.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32002.414949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32001.435382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61281.881944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55063.458559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55169.732215                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60773.442735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43278.889025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43428.660203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60773.442735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43278.889025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43428.660203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27386772                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4040.456266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        57200616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27390807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.088314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024276358575                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          505.299382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.431507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.021279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2741.765354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    687.937024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.123364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.669376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.167953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17296016                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4350727                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24538606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5839111                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               52024460                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7138625                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7138625                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1004651                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1004651                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1225248                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1225248                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17296016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4350727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24538606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7064359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                53249708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17296016                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4350727                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24538606                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7064359                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               53249708                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324638                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169993                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18890190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6048324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25433145                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50855                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             50855                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1859425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1859425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18890190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7907749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27292570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324638                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169993                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18890190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7907749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27292570                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7338059694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3708369631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417666040285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151902625557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   580615095167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2219101200                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2219101200                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54579046806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54579046806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7338059694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3708369631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417666040285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206481672363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    635194141973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7338059694                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3708369631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417666040285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206481672363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   635194141973                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17620654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4520720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43428796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11887435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77457605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7138625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7138625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1055506                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1055506                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3084673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3084673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17620654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4520720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43428796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14972108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80542278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17620654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4520720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43428796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14972108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80542278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.328349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048181                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.048181                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.602795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.528165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.338860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.528165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.338860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22603.822393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21814.837264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22110.208541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25114.829423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22829.071873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43635.850949                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43635.850949                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29352.647623                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29352.647623                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22603.822393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21814.837264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22110.208541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26111.308334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23273.518836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22603.822393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21814.837264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22110.208541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26111.308334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23273.518836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3843927                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3843927                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       322935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18890189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6048324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25430318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        50855                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        50855                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1859425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1859425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       322935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18890189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7907749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27289743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       322935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18890189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7907749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27289743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5581029812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2768729315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310534632837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118642306913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 437526698877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2757357843                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2757357843                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44117896303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44117896303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5581029812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2768729315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310534632837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162760203216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 481644595180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5581029812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2768729315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310534632837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162760203216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 481644595180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10221033262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10221033262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15321335283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15321335283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25542368545                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25542368545                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048181                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048181                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.528165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.338825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.528165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17282.207912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16395.625718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16438.937315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19615.732708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17204.924409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54219.994946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54219.994946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23726.633934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23726.633934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17282.207912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16395.625718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16438.937315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20582.368411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17649.290255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17282.207912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16395.625718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16438.937315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20582.368411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17649.290255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        178410                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32349.132200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        28956138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        210867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        137.319438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18366.458847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.055952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   436.843283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   141.527345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5539.188860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7865.039363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.560500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.240022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       320643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18875276                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5900043                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25264207                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3843927                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3843927                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1464                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1464                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1684262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1684262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       320643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18875276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7584305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                26948469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       320643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18875276                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7584305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               26948469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2292                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          625                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       148281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               166111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75795                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75795                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       148759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             148759                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       297040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                314870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2292                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14913                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       297040                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               314870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    212625168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58113624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1395347894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8667831786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10333918472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1946623465                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1946623465                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13353950117                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13353950117                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    212625168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58113624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1395347894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22021781903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     23687868589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    212625168                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58113624                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1395347894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22021781903                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    23687868589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       322935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18890189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6048324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25430318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3843927                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3843927                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        77259                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77259                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1833021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1833021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       322935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18890189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7881345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27263339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       322935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18890189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7881345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27263339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981051                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.981051                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.081155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92768.397906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92981.798400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93565.875008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58455.444636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62210.922046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25682.742463                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25682.742463                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89769.023165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89769.023165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92768.397906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92981.798400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93565.875008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74137.428976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75230.630384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92768.397906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92981.798400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93565.875008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74137.428976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75230.630384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              116457                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   116457                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          166111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75795                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75795                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        148759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           314870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          314870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    180484263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49333593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1184964793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6577692806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7992475455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3916111685                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3916111685                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11226569797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11226569797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    180484263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49333593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1184964793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17804262603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19219045252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    180484263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49333593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1184964793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17804262603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19219045252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9107970653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9107970653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13645054885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13645054885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22753025538                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22753025538                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981051                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981051                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78745.315445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78933.748800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79458.512238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44359.646927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48115.269037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51667.150670                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51667.150670                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75468.171990                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75468.171990                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78745.315445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78933.748800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79458.512238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59938.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61038.032369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78745.315445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78933.748800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79458.512238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59938.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61038.032369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                34037369                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45898                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20855356                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13182013                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22949                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22949                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21434                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43428809                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               130548814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43429321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.006006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5019829902000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130534576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      130534576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130534576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       130534576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130534576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      130534576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47448632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47448632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47448632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47448632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47448632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47448632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 987188242496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 987188242496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 987188242496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 987188242496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 987188242496                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 987188242496                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177983208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    177983208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177983208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    177983208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177983208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    177983208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20805.409996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20805.409996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20805.409996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20805.409996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20805.409996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20805.409996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       330574                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41321.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4019814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4019814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4019814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4019814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4019814                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4019814                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43428818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43428818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43428818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43428818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43428818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43428818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 765345243193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 765345243193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 765345243193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 765345243193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 765345243193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 765345243193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17622.981201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17622.981201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17622.981201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17622.981201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17622.981201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17622.981201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4522227                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4302011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4522243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.951300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4301602                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4301602                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4301602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4301602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4301602                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4301602                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522940                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4522940                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4522940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522940                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4522940                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74689963224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74689963224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74689963224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  74689963224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74689963224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  74689963224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8824542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8824542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8824542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8824542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8824542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8824542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.512541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.512541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.512541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.512541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.512541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.512541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16513.587008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16513.587008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16513.587008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16513.587008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16513.587008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16513.587008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        36047                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        36047                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4522940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4522940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4522940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60833677345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60833677345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60833677345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60833677345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60833677345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60833677345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.512541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.512541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.512541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13450.029703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13450.029703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13450.029703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13450.029703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13450.029703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13450.029703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17624977                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5081201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17624993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.288295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5080854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5080854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5080854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5080854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5080854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5080854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17635894                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17635894                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17635894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17635894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17635894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17635894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 281850313426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 281850313426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 281850313426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 281850313426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 281850313426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 281850313426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22716748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22716748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22716748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22716748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22716748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22716748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.776339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.776339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.776339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15981.628911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15981.628911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15981.628911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15981.628911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15981.628911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15981.628911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        26282                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        26282                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17635894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17635894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17635894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17635894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17635894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17635894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228015268129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228015268129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228015268129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 228015268129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 228015268129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 228015268129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12929.045056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12929.045056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12929.045056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12929.045056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12929.045056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12929.045056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14930892                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.826062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               282124382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14931404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.894699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.826062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182346103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182346103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98564463                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98564463                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    280910566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       280910566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    280910566                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      280910566                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18457893                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18457893                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4155493                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4155493                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22613386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      22613386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22613386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     22613386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 511973883872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 511973883872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109820144036                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 109820144036                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 621794027908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 621794027908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 621794027908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 621794027908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    200803996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    200803996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102719956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102719956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303523952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    303523952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303523952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    303523952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27737.395805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27737.395805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26427.705217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26427.705217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27496.723751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.723751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27496.723751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.723751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7076297                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          7076297                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6565205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6565205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        34783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        34783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6599988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6599988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6599988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6599988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11892688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11892688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4120710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4120710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16013398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16013398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16013398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16013398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287094024574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 287094024574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94654556691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  94654556691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 381748581265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 381748581265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 381748581265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 381748581265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10671450048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10671450048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15920080700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15920080700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26591530748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26591530748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040116                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040116                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24140.381432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24140.381432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22970.448464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22970.448464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23839.323875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23839.323875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23839.323875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23839.323875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3232313784                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       229437912                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    229437912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42420507                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    195469200                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       102530528                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1456325580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1047061313                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          229437912                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    102530528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            326351109                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      152829392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81783731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     386073277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       712709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1951581                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        177983216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30001368                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1139839                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2362129222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.829700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.275169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2044267632     86.54%     86.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19521548      0.83%     87.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14527503      0.62%     87.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26366893      1.12%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22510151      0.95%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27301620      1.16%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19387087      0.82%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16663905      0.71%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       171582883      7.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2362129222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070983                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.323936                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1514946705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    430365854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        301659858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6225626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     108931179                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1899580055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          865                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     108931179                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1535601144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      141688705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    244502307                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        286291193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45114694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1821795233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       652375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7240821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29624122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       206043                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1979639024                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4530910667                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4530822873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        87794                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1201877974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       777761039                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6131652                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6160871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        139540329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    257073622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    157881244                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15835595                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14451786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1690310015                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8868827                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1530121770                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7420476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    558054732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    747320020                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3216385                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2362129222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.647772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.424492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1792499283     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    194556808      8.24%     84.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    122608606      5.19%     89.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     84294810      3.57%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69014114      2.92%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49114825      2.08%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36699234      1.55%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11095001      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2246541      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2362129222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4560102     42.10%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4133740     38.16%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2138639     19.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18488272      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1136315574     74.26%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    234792234     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140525690      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1530121770                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.473383                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10832481                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5447283637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2257589972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1454932979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40855                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        23796                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20225                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1522445539                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20440                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22642866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     92946522                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       501309                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       400846                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     55133266                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       198285                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     108931179                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       81169607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1851043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1699178842                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     28968090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    257073622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    157881244                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7815295                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        868755                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        71233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       400846                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     13976088                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33547537                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47523625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1484012699                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    223697491                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46109071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           358625612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156962685                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         134928121                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.459118                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1457846563                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1454953204                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        915040696                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1409504645                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.450127                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649193                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    616933519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5652442                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42645708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2254099209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.429658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1895498332     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    129243923      5.73%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58297889      2.59%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64007205      2.84%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33688089      1.49%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15053152      0.67%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12203111      0.54%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7821625      0.35%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38285883      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2254099209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585535004                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082136537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266875074                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164127097                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             576391                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125284080                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1077572697                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38285883                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3913594082                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3507536444                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25177674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              870184562                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            29843499                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585535004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082136537                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585535004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.520274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.520274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.181150                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.181150                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2844562334                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1566724088                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20225                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      698701207                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5298198                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       942720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2836228952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511056462                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3351074662                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2836228952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2836228952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356486916                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364051352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354528619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80954077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435719455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51423200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51604525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2528977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       865305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        77095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2603322274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          469089306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3075889661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2603322274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2603322274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3455112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3488145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         327212769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            334156025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3461816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6017121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       865305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        77095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2603322274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         796302075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3410045687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               34037369                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45898                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13182013                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20855356                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22949                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22949                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21323                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3271658755                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267770264                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511629669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           509925382                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36537081                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  509925382                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1315061845                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564311951                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132591722                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81036557                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51555165                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2673249249.099037                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598409505.900963                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182907                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817093                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
