
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69053                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122607                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38486320                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520079                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              287424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436948468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    232715354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              991579369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436948468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         437610846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436948468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    232715354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1298922606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.221105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047753000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.221105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.576319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.576319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250697824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250697824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251614824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251614824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251614824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251614824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178052.431818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178052.431818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175954.422378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175954.422378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175954.422378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175954.422378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1756800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10911.801242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       649500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       649500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233732092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233732092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    234381592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234381592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    234381592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234381592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29522.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29522.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166002.906250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166002.906250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163903.211189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163903.211189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163903.211189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163903.211189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           170                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1829.915779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              46                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.270588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          126.885282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.138102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.740240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.715734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    436.436563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.030978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.106552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.446757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          653                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5001                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             731                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  731                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5090                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3164954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    206335866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76618352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      286524867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34707801                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34707801                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3164954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    206335866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111326153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       321232668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3164954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    206335866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111326153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      321232668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          731                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              731                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.527496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.357281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.791569                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.793023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.589829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.380100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.589829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.380100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105498.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102962.008982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105100.620027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103066.498921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102685.801775                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101782.407625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105498.466667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102962.008982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104335.663543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102926.199295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105498.466667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102962.008982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104335.663543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102926.199295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3001454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195273685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72643884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271302318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32836501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32836501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3001454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195273685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105480385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    304138819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3001454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195273685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105480385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    304138819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7503286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7503286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11321429                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11321429                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.527496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.791569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.589829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.589829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100048.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97441.958583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99648.674897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98049.265631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97149.411243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97149.411243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100048.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97441.958583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98856.968135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97951.310467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100048.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97441.958583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98856.968135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97951.310467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1754.546580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.470889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.728686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.740435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1257.168025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    454.438687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     36                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     36                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2744                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2897067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    188176875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69947469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      261391506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31606652                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31606652                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2897067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    188176875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101554121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       292998158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2897067                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    188176875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101554121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      292998158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96568.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95086.849419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97419.873259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95259.295190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93788.284866                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92960.741176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96568.900000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95086.849419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96259.830332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95005.887808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96568.900000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95086.849419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96259.830332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95005.887808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2481549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160376920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59968762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223140831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26804615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26804615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2481549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160376920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86773377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249945446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2481549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160376920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86773377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249945446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82718.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81039.373421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83521.952646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81706.638960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79538.916914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79538.916914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82718.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81039.373421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82249.646445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81468.528683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82718.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81039.373421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82249.646445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81468.528683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3395                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               457.810422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.277467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083051109300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.512759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21573                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21590                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4581                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296067035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296067035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296067035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    296067035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296067035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    296067035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64671.698340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64629.346213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64671.698340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64629.346213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64671.698340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64629.346213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230261523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230261523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230261523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230261523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230261523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230261523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58980.922900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58980.922900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58980.922900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58980.922900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58980.922900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58980.922900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           91                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.076337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.373626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.342131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.734206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1625583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1625583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1625583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1625583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1625583                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1625583                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.182796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.182796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.182796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17111.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15937.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17111.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15937.088235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17111.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15937.088235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1327244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1327244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1327244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1327244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1327244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1327244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13970.989474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13970.989474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13970.989474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13970.989474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13970.989474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13970.989474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2375                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.105406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.105263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.014738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2391                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31639536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31639536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31639536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.889178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.889178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.889178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13266.052830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13232.762861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13266.052830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13232.762861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13266.052830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13232.762861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24312699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24312699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24312699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24312699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24312699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24312699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10194.003774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10194.003774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10194.003774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10194.003774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10194.003774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10194.003774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1325                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               364.415745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   27365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.652830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.532283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   362.883463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.708757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.711750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16277                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16281                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43711                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2349                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2349                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          444                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2790                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2793                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    154511885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154511885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38926512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38926512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193438397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    193438397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193438397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    193438397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026379                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65777.728821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65777.728821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88268.734694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87672.324324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69332.758781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69258.287504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69332.758781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69258.287504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          731                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              731                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86012131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86012131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36292605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36292605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122304736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122304736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122304736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122304736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7794829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7794829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11782197                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11782197                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025601                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62237.431983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62237.431983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84795.806075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84795.806075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67571.677348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67571.677348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67571.677348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67571.677348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773044                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38594                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38594                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29440                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15300                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       173633                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                187438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15300                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           16                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          871                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3842                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             39                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       416059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.830373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.296624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362338     87.09%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2590      0.62%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2038      0.49%     88.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2835      0.68%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3958      0.95%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3839      0.92%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5168      1.24%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2066      0.50%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31227      7.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       416059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          170820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18246                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        332050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18246                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47341                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        315541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       345933                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       780740                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       780650                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          133279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          972                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25261                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2172                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            293634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1622                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           262249                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       140098                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          806                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       416059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.630317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.402428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318549     76.56%     76.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32419      7.79%     84.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20619      4.96%     89.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16476      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11481      2.76%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8681      2.09%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5442      1.31%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1953      0.47%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          439      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       416059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            487     38.05%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           417     32.58%     70.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          376     29.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2883      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201468     76.82%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        36053     13.75%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21835      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        262249                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339242                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1280                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       944170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       392872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        260632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15283                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          177                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8466                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18246                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          95374                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          721                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       295256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25261                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          102                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          177                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6227                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       254627                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34156                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25807                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20872                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329382                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                250462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161890                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           254114                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322965                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637076                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       397873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.401867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332622     83.60%     83.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24283      6.10%     89.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12430      3.12%     92.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9936      2.50%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5889      1.48%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2953      0.74%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1683      0.42%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2453      0.62%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5624      1.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       397873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104345                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42165                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25378                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20640                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              687383                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             608912                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2512                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356985                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97388                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189533                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.408539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.408539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134979                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134979                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          489609                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         271357                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111432                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048995                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048994655907                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132502280686                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43523                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83944                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1676742078                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4743084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35812.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1558682793                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3006285710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3287488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       175808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        31168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2567040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     51744064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            57905600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2567040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2567040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     38748352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         38748352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        51367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        40110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       808501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               904775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         605443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              605443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        54747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        42749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       861697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 964306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        42749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             42749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           645279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                645279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           645279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        54747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        42749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       861697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1609585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   283310                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.888617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   283325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.035187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.853430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.928339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            58                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               58                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            241                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               241                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3497                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       408048                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          411545                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22578                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          71730                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        430626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           483275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       430626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          483275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507460664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47045794290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47553254954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8658095856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    967214000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9625309856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9165556520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48013008290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57178564810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9165556520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48013008290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57178564810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       408231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        411728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       430867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         483516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       430867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        483516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145113.143838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115294.755249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115548.129497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176149.411133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42838.781114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134188.064352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174087.950768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111495.841612                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118314.758285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174087.950768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111495.841612                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118314.758285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    403459020                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8519.162567                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          53345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               53345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       408048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       411545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        71730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       430626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       483275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       430626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       483275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    465192784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42123842057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42589034841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8065699136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    683089900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8748789036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8530891920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42806931957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51337823877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8530891920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42806931957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51337823877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 133026.246497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103232.565916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103485.730214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164097.069010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30254.668261                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121968.340109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162033.313453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99406.287491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106229.008074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162033.313453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99406.287491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106229.008074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          768                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3145728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          768                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6570367                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4032.776443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        50280539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6574422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.647903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  57357617836000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1461.999130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.047642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   139.547739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.634748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1037.811320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1391.735805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.356933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.253372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.339779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.984565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19761236                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11771741                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8553696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               40405349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11290145                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11290145                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       993378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              993378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2118024                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2118024                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19761236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11771741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10671720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                42523373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19761236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318676                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11771741                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10671720                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               42523373                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1178531                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3831725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5146336                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        94313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             94313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1679600                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1679600                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1178531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5511325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               6825936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1178531                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5511325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              6825936                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2987435039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    141616066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29034545036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127919146564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   160082742705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2262043511                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2262043511                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85359490902                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  85359490902                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2987435039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    141616066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29034545036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213278637466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    245442233607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2987435039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    141616066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29034545036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213278637466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   245442233607                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19892607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12950272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12385421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           45551685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11290145                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11290145                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1087691                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1087691                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3797624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3797624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19892607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12950272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16183045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            49349309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19892607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12950272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16183045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           49349309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.112978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086709                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.086709                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442277                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.442277                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.138319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.138319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22740.445296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30073.490338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24636.216643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33384.219004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31106.158382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23984.429623                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23984.429623                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50821.321090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50821.321090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22740.445296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30073.490338                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24636.216643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38698.250868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35957.300743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22740.445296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30073.490338                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24636.216643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38698.250868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35957.300743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4001123                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4001123                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1178522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3831725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5146327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        94313                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        94313                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1679600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1679600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1178522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5511325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          6825927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1178522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5511325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         6825927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2286229611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116202758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22343084019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106715699025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131461215413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8161717505                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8161717505                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75860424697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75860424697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2286229611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116202758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22343084019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 182576123722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 207321640110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2286229611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116202758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22343084019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 182576123722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 207321640110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8437469783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8437469783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11698382537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11698382537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20135852320                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20135852320                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086709                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086709                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.138319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17402.848505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24676.737736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18958.563369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27850.563134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25544.668151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86538.626753                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86538.626753                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45165.768455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45165.768455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17402.848505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24676.737736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18958.563369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33127.446435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30372.671743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17402.848505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24676.737736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18958.563369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33127.446435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30372.671743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        823287                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32090.893891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8286569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        855540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.685776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17852.259942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.178414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.198717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.249406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   129.652017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    26.820586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2277.225405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11803.309405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.544808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.069495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.360208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.979336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       128624                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4222                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1138411                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3316280                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4587537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4001123                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4001123                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          427                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 427                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1059692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1059692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       128624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1138411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4375972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5647229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       128624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1138411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4375972                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5647229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       515445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               558790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       369835                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            369835                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       343959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             343959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       859404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                902749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2747                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       859404                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               902749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    254515932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45210485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3751639991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47652608526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    51703974934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    751262509                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    751262509                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31748784768                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  31748784768                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    254515932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45210485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3751639991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79401393294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     83452759702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    254515932                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45210485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3751639991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79401393294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    83452759702                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1178522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3831725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5146327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4001123                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4001123                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       370262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          370262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1403651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1403651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1178522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5235376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6549978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1178522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5235376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6549978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.134520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.108580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998847                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998847                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.245046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.137825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.137825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92652.323262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92834.671458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.450001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92449.453435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92528.454221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2031.345084                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2031.345084                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92303.980323                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92303.980323                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92652.323262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92834.671458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.450001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92391.230776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92442.926774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92652.323262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92834.671458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.450001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92391.230776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92442.926774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              552098                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   552098                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       515445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          558790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       369835                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       369835                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       343959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        343959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       859404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           902749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       859404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          902749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    215979357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     38377485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3185454485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40419897046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43859708373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28203141488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28203141488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26796273511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26796273511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    215979357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     38377485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3185454485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67216170557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70655981884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    215979357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     38377485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3185454485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67216170557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70655981884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7570659216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7570659216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10403018563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10403018563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17973677779                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17973677779                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.134520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.103419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78623.719330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78803.870637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79415.982773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78417.478191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78490.503361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76258.713989                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76258.713989                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77905.429167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77905.429167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78623.719330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78803.870637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79415.982773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78212.540967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78267.582555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78623.719330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78803.870637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79415.982773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78212.540967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78267.582555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24235241                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        67864                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18744                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        330                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   256                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18556                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19074                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24303105                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3228729                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9041                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18381                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12950274                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138809683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12950786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.718244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138801269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138801269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138801269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138801269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138801269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138801269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13570585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13570585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13570585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13570585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13570585                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13570585                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210392045811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 210392045811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210392045811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 210392045811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210392045811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 210392045811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152371854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152371854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152371854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    152371854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152371854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    152371854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15503.535464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15503.535464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15503.535464                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15503.535464                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15503.535464                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15503.535464                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       602821                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 28705.761905                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       620278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       620278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       620278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       620278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       620278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       620278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12950307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12950307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12950307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12950307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12950307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12950307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157310421603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 157310421603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157310421603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 157310421603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 157310421603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 157310421603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12147.234935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12147.234935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12147.234935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12147.234935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12147.234935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12147.234935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       323440                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        361083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       323456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.116328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083925363300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       360674                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       360674                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       360674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       360674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       360674                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       360674                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323647                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       323647                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       323647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323647                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       323647                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6473546801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6473546801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6473546801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6473546801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6473546801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6473546801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       684321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       684321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       684321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       684321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       684321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       684321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.472946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.472946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.472946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.472946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.472946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.472946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20001.874885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20001.874885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20001.874885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20001.874885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20001.874885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20001.874885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          124                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          124                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       323647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       323647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       323647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5492057481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5492057481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5492057481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5492057481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5492057481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5492057481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.472946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.472946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.472946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16969.282833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16969.282833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16969.282833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16969.282833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16969.282833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16969.282833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     19894930                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      10053549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     19894946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.505332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10053213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10053213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10053213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10053213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10053213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10053213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19896477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     19896477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19896477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     19896477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19896477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     19896477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239006414409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 239006414409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239006414409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 239006414409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239006414409                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 239006414409                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29949690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29949690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29949690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     29949690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29949690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     29949690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.664330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.664330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.664330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12012.499218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12012.499218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12012.499218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12012.499218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12012.499218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12012.499218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4546                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4546                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19896477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19896477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19896477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     19896477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19896477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     19896477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 178710690974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 178710690974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 178710690974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 178710690974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 178710690974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 178710690974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.664330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8982.026867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8982.026867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8982.026867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8982.026867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8982.026867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8982.026867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16161444                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.701311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               249789482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16161956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.455399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083541942365                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.701311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    145120033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145120033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103518529                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103518529                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    248638562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       248638562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    248638562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      248638562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24544747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24544747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4916420                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4916420                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29461167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29461167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29461167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29461167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 747608641806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 747608641806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 148230120171                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 148230120171                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 895838761977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 895838761977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 895838761977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 895838761977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169664780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169664780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108434949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108434949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278099729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278099729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278099729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278099729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.105937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.105937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30459.007860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30459.007860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30150.011629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30150.011629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30407.443194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30407.443194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30407.443194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30407.443194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11285478                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         11285478                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12149493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12149493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        48890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        48890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12198383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12198383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12198383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12198383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12395254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12395254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4867530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4867530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17262784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17262784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17262784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17262784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 272153701028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 272153701028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 128412607759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 128412607759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 400566308787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 400566308787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 400566308787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 400566308787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8782214146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8782214146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12171903344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12171903344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20954117490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20954117490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21956.282705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21956.282705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26381.472278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26381.472278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23204.038745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23204.038745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23204.038745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23204.038745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2416106358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204785409                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204785409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22763053                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    130260427                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        92159744                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    817082058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             934042944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204785409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     92159744                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            310182227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       78117075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           8790076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1097619823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5328964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1228862                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          314                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        152371874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13971351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          83905                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2294986122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.816661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.267969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1990541528     86.73%     86.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23773155      1.04%     87.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15758715      0.69%     88.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19335380      0.84%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21629026      0.94%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19787724      0.86%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17296018      0.75%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23219188      1.01%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163645388      7.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2294986122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.084758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.386590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       791206307                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1149811109                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        288198285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11016623                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      54753798                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1844365437                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          576                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      54753798                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       825233010                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      806833901                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    222981863                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        264049482                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    121134068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1802828528                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1597121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      50725628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     59229487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1663468                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2015526663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4588090341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4284054810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    304035531                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1525025594                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       490501180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3571649                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3675977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        280870679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    202635802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127698308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15177696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13624280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1643347635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6298262                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541608131                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10185287                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    272411334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    403697027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1907546                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2294986122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.671729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1656707621     72.19%     72.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    249554959     10.87%     83.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    154824415      6.75%     89.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88246383      3.85%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61895652      2.70%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43618833      1.90%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30702261      1.34%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7713130      0.34%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1722868      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2294986122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3224167     36.50%     36.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12739      0.14%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3238779     36.67%     73.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2356583     26.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33219065      2.15%      2.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1109017005     71.94%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90587800      5.88%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189832063     12.31%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    118952198      7.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541608131                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.638055                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8832268                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005729                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5189780161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1774955446                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1407515277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215322083                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147263425                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105459207                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1409603355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107617979                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16131048                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     36792903                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       205940                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       176455                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     20001123                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       109081                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      54753798                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      621022203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10475555                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1649645897                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     55662305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    202635802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127698326                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4227530                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5585152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       703905                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       176455                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6999304                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18399670                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25398974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1520574909                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185628923                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21033222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           303233477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155650256                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117604554                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.629349                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1514119927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1512974484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1010707153                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1744703080                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.626204                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579300                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    299174620                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4390716                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22862216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2240555169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.602763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.642691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1810537491     80.81%     80.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    150798559      6.73%     87.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     88861892      3.97%     91.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62394319      2.78%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25755166      1.15%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16602145      0.74%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13596365      0.61%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8863881      0.40%     97.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     63145351      2.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2240555169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    675695488                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1350524854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             273540116                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            165842910                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1528746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         140846295                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270358                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1276364859                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     63145351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3826361603                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3355140164                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6491564                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              121120236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177910055531                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          675695488                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1350524854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    675695488                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.575733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.575733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.279663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.279663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3071625216                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1581023748                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        184700949                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96371690                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      600848731                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3117274                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72957480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77631424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9327188424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1861928365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11340196989                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9327188424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9327188424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24544329                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203756533                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1230115390                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9119685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1165898553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260054653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1444799539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          409449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156647774                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157085575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1214966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155326304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31006820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188849073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155326304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155326304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            408738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20046240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20485195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            415016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1214966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155326304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51053060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209334269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       67864                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24235241                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       330                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18744                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  180                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18556                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19074                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24303105                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9041                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3228729                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13648                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327305004                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 881923157                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1653878115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1647107744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               441683                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111520810                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1647107744                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      441683                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4193988844                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1817002417                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             716365                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            363947                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417363829                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260357841                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157005988                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178389340418.503082                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1937964585.496927                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010747                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989253                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
