
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 158923                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   280716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               85959720                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1203024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    531441729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              748083715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         204133387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    531441729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             748083715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           489                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2182.752910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              83                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.169734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          313.428193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.095907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.468300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.383189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    539.597115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1294.570690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.076521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.316057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.532899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1250                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1250                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4895                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4317                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4725578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121488239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241709765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      369719967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       626263                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       626263                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73527913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73527913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4725578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121488239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315237678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       443247880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4725578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796385                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121488239                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315237678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      443247880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1250                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1250                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          854                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.431614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.830409                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.468628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.468628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100544.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105669.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103043.459712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102636.842887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102500.683948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22366.535714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22366.535714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103706.506347                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103560.440845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100544.212766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105669.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103043.459712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102884.359661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102674.977994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100544.212766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105669.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103043.459712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102884.359661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102674.977994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4465678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114982261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228663111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349814335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1298802                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1298802                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69637913                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69637913                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4465678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114982261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298301024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419452248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4465678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114982261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298301024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419452248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.467542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95014.425532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100193.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97525.242578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97096.862420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97224.662312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46385.785714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46385.785714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98219.905501                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98219.905501                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95014.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100193.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97525.242578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97356.731070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97388.495008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95014.425532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100193.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97525.242578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97356.731070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97388.495008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1970.964780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           10.592752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.330584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.783548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.413410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    550.723912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1367.120604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              51                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   51                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3596                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4306                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4295878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110900441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220635343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337476747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67214039                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67214039                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4295878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110900441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287849382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       404690786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4295878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645085                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110900441                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287849382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      404690786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           51                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               51                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.997452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.997452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93388.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96769.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94463.748722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93887.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93847.816185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94801.183357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94667.660563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93388.652174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96769.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94463.748722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94099.176855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93982.997213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93388.652174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96769.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94463.748722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94099.176855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93982.997213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3652975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94415177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187567819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287044906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57174906                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57174906                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3652975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94415177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244742725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344219812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3652975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94415177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244742725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344219812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.978723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.995759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79412.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82878.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80421.786201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79816.093191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80023.670477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80641.616361                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80641.616361                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82878.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80421.786201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80007.428898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80125.654562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79412.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82878.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80421.786201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80007.428898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80125.654562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1425                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               328.352093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.330526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.629830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   327.722263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.640083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.641313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31470                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31488                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31488                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2283                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167711962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167711962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167711962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167711962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167711962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167711962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73493.410167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73461.218572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73493.410167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73461.218572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73493.410167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73461.218572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131389955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131389955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131389955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131389955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131389955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131389955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68396.644977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68396.644977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68396.644977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68396.644977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68396.644977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68396.644977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          287                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.625534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.038328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019267936000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.527276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.098258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.568641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.664096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          328                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5681213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5681213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5681213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5681213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5681213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5681213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17534.608025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17320.771341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17534.608025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17320.771341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17534.608025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17320.771341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4656674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14372.450617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14372.450617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14372.450617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14372.450617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14372.450617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14372.450617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2808                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.270147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.653490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125902300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.671630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.598517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2166                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2853                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2853                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2858                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35037860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35037860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35037860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35037860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35037860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35037860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.568869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.568869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12281.058535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12259.573128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12281.058535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12259.573128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12281.058535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12259.573128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26193025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26193025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26193025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26193025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26193025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26193025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9180.871013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9180.871013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9180.871013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9180.871013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9180.871013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9180.871013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3685                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.391430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   54600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.816825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019356854702                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.321104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   456.070326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.890762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.891390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44178                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21875                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21875                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66056                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          921                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    707419634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    707419634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81213592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81213592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788633226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788633226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788633226                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788633226                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040402                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87195.813386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87174.323352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88275.643478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88179.795874                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87305.792760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87276.806773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87305.792760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87276.806773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1237                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1237                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4775                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256342453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256342453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77550085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77550085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333892538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333892538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333892538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333892538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040140                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76680.362848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76680.362848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84754.191257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84754.191257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78415.344763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78415.344763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78415.344763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78415.344763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106132                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56900                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56900                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37108                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24099                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                264557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83346                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        482455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1736                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33752                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             94                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       756777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.641916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          675542     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8850      1.17%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5176      0.68%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3646      0.48%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5605      0.74%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5552      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5181      0.68%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3419      0.45%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43806      5.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       756777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239173                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          164251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       489933                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            73814                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        467920                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         393611                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            68884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31380                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        446326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       535370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1165862                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1165862                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       330589                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          204636                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1919                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            420993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           368204                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       141712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          680                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       756777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.210019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       607169     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57043      7.54%     87.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34246      4.53%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22317      2.95%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16392      2.17%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10458      1.38%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6594      0.87%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2168      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          390      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       756777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            783     33.55%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           826     35.39%     68.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          725     31.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3062      0.83%      0.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       278509     75.64%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59069     16.04%     92.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27564      7.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        368204                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.332875                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2334                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006339                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1499160                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       564973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       355390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        367476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22119                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          115                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7122                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355916                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       423150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          115                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       360559                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        56866                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               83777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37103                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             26911                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325964                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                356378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               355390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           247540                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           396321                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321291                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624595                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       147856                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       732845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.375382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       642824     87.72%     87.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35062      4.78%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13437      1.83%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14601      1.99%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7065      0.96%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3360      0.46%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2750      0.38%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2170      0.30%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11576      1.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       732845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154623                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        275097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66977                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44182                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30328                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11576                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1143280                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             870272                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2174                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 349355                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               275097                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.153735                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.153735                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          721608                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         414487                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167376                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.112615                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1112615099838                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6132382369443                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  60974                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   113891                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               79203539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4659800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14047.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856535346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599893997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       156928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       964544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10525056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15251392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       964544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         964544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11307456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11307456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       164454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               238303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         176679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              176679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3175740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       141044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       866916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9459746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13707698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       866916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            866916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10162954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10162954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10162954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3175740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       141044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       866916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9459746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              23870652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104146                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.463293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.526920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020573561000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.349655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7998                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7998                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26694                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26694                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103836                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99510                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101238                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203319                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4593862958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4594963958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126144784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6701291000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6827435784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127245784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11295153958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11422399742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127245784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11295153958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11422399742                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925606                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44253.031606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44252.127952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73000.453704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67342.890162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67439.457358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72504.720228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55553.853590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55698.917181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72504.720228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55553.853590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55698.917181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       531400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10219.230769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56781                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56781                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       759500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3311741421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312500921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105340600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5472374301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5577714901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106100100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8784115722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8890215822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106100100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8784115722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8890215822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926782                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28129.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31902.257232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31901.276253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60960.995370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54993.209738                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55095.072018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60455.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43203.614625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43351.257702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60455.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43203.614625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43351.257702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27697099                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.559883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        61109945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27701144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.206044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          522.179047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    64.295778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    41.671426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2727.778063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    692.633868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.127485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.665961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17411783                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4518894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24702648                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8029825                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54663150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8516798                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8516798                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       960463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              960463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1518052                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1518052                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17411783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4518894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24702648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9547877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56181202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17411783                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4518894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24702648                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9547877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56181202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334056                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       175964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6023453                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25634285                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54269                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54269                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1843147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1843147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       175964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7866600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27477432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334056                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       175964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7866600                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27477432                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7539503114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3807908830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 422000880511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151082584974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   584430877429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2262861520                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2262861520                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54314380673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54314380673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7539503114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3807908830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 422000880511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205396965647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    638745258102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7539503114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3807908830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 422000880511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205396965647                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   638745258102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17745839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4694858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43803460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14053278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80297435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8516798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8516798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1014732                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1014732                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3361199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3361199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17745839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4694858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43803460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17414477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83658634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17745839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4694858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43803460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17414477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83658634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.319242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053481                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053481                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548360                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.548360                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.328447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.328447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22569.578496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21640.272044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22093.347681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25082.387955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22798.797682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41697.129485                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41697.129485                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29468.284772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29468.284772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22569.578496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21640.272044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22093.347681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26110.005040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23246.177376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22569.578496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21640.272044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22093.347681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26110.005040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23246.177376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3804490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3804490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6023453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25631466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1843147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1843147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7866600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27474613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7866600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27474613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5731316922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2835210125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313705516168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117965224630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 440237267845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2885609419                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885609419                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43949823542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43949823542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5731316922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2835210125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313705516168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161915048172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 484187091387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5731316922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2835210125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313705516168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161915048172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 484187091387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10444170815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10444170815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15599472047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15599472047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26043642862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26043642862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053481                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053481                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.328413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.436057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17246.483555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16212.039621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16423.674353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19584.318933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17175.656977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53172.334464                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53172.334464                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23844.990954                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23844.990954                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17246.483555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16212.039621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16423.674353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20582.595807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17623.072303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17246.483555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16212.039621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16423.674353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20582.595807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17623.072303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        183428                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32346.028815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29146137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        215902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        134.997068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18146.539266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.051564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   462.090825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   143.980226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5589.725545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8003.623082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.553788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.170585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.244251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329866                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19085733                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5873137                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25462894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3804490                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3804490                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4625                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4625                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1666199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1666199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19085733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7539336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27129093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329866                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19085733                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7539336                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27129093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15079                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       150316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               168572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        76514                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             76514                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       150078                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             150078                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       300394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                318650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          725                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15079                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       300394                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               318650                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227380159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     67327747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1410397958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8840190803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10545296667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1887868106                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1887868106                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13478971902                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13478971902                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227380159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     67327747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1410397958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22319162705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24024268569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227380159                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     67327747                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1410397958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22319162705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24024268569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6023453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25631466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3804490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3804490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        81139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           81139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1816277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1816277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7839730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27447743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19100812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7839730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27447743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.942999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.082629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92732.528140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92865.857931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.918562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58810.710789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62556.632578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24673.499046                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24673.499046                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89813.109863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89813.109863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92732.528140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92865.857931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.918562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74299.628837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75393.907325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92732.528140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92865.857931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.918562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74299.628837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75393.907325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              119898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   119898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       150316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          168572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76514                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        76514                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       150078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        150078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       300394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           318650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       300394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          318650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193000154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57123114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1197716765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6722555974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8170396007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3960275802                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3960275802                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11333764809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11333764809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193000154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57123114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1197716765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18056320783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19504160816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193000154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57123114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1197716765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18056320783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19504160816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9306954209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9306954209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13892273523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13892273523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23199227732                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23199227732                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942999                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942999                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.318923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78790.502069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79429.455866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44722.823745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48468.286590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51758.838931                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51758.838931                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75519.162096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75519.162096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.318923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78790.502069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79429.455866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60108.793062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61208.726866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.318923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78790.502069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79429.455866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60108.793062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61208.726866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33329161                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44943                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20421423                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12907738                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22471                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22471                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21903                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43803474                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               131939493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43803986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.012043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131923516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      131923516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131923516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       131923516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131923516                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      131923516                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47922085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47922085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47922085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47922085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47922085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47922085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013132006685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1013132006685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013132006685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1013132006685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013132006685                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1013132006685                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179845601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179845601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179845601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179845601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179845601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179845601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21141.233873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21141.233873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21141.233873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21141.233873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21141.233873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21141.233873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       343662                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42957.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4118586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4118586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4118586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4118586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4118586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4118586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43803499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43803499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43803499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43803499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43803499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43803499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788293719548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 788293719548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788293719548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 788293719548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788293719548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 788293719548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17996.135869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17996.135869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17996.135869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17996.135869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17996.135869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17996.135869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4696666                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4392123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4696682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.935154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4391723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4391723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4391723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4391723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4391723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4391723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4697385                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4697385                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4697385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4697385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4697385                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4697385                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79011307812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79011307812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79011307812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79011307812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79011307812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79011307812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9089108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9089108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9089108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9089108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9089108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9089108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.516815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16820.275070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16820.275070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16820.275070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16820.275070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16820.275070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16820.275070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        31665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        31665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4697385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4697385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4697385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4697385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4697385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4697385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64625460292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64625460292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64625460292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64625460292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64625460292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64625460292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13757.752514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13757.752514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13757.752514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13757.752514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13757.752514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13757.752514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17750053                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5018285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17750069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.282719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5017933                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5017933                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5017933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5017933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5017933                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5017933                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17760975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17760975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17760975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17760975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17760975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17760975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289494253330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 289494253330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289494253330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 289494253330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289494253330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 289494253330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22778908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22778908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22778908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22778908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22778908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22778908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.779711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.779711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.779711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16299.457284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16299.457284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16299.457284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16299.457284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16299.457284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16299.457284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        20259                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        20259                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17760975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17760975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17760975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17760975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17760975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17760975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235322299283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 235322299283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235322299283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 235322299283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235322299283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 235322299283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13249.402090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13249.402090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13249.402090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13249.402090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13249.402090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13249.402090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17374504                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.838974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279921395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17375016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.110569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.838974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180303870                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180303870                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98479265                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98479265                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278783135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278783135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278783135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278783135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21606634                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21606634                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4405391                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4405391                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26012025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26012025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26012025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26012025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 570902351895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 570902351895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113895980214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 113895980214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 684798332109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 684798332109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 684798332109                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 684798332109                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201910504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201910504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102884656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102884656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304795160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304795160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304795160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304795160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042819                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26422.549292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26422.549292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25853.773300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25853.773300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26326.221511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26326.221511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26326.221511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26326.221511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8464875                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8464875                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7543953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7543953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        54666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7598619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7598619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7598619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7598619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14062681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14062681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4350725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4350725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18413406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18413406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18413406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18413406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318472276330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 318472276330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97596703747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97596703747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 416068980077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 416068980077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 416068980077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 416068980077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10904279775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10904279775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16210414213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16210414213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27114693988                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27114693988                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22646.625941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22646.625941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22432.285136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22432.285136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22595.981432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22595.981432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22595.981432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22595.981432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3302253715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231486344                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231486344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42955350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    196869196                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103688533                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1487487482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1056473941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231486344                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103688533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329820532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156012446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          83645075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     397687390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       746418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1999105                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179845609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30341609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1204035                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2412910057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.262941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2091669264     86.69%     86.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20282545      0.84%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14618138      0.61%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26541575      1.10%     89.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22717487      0.94%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27589301      1.14%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19586024      0.81%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16820789      0.70%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       173084934      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2412910057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070100                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.319925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1547342822                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    442900435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304838720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6304081                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111523999                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1917075508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1187                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111523999                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1568279039                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      144728666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    253378092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289242191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45758070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1838526176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       680611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7551886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29863721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       183390                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1997225667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4571354984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4571261109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        93875                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1203588791                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       793636871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6207331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6250293                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        141544550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259727440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159408985                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16549803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15269232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1706132443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9014539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541433020                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7911514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    572083283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    764168204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3340235                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2412910057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.413140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1836429272     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198103960      8.21%     84.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124465558      5.16%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85242207      3.53%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69786953      2.89%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49156260      2.04%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36538147      1.51%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10988271      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2199429      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2412910057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4486031     42.19%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4062491     38.21%     80.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2084080     19.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18614400      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144836939     74.27%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236507628     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141474053      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541433020                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.466782                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10632602                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006898                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5521005574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2287636120                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465666079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41772                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        26800                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20481                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1533430309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20913                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23205149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95353664                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       503066                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       455156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56494263                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       202850                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111523999                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82644272                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1949844                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1715146982                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29116866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259727440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159408985                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7944654                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        950397                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74823                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       455156                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14203275                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33870352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48073627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1495282639                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225372504                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46150381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361241451                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158054768                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135868947                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.452807                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1468578251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465686560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922138615                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421036158                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.443844                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648920                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    631415491                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5674304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43187784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2302289640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.423180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1945469300     84.50%     84.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128271483      5.57%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57828737      2.51%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63173917      2.74%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33387511      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14957619      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11956428      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7810017      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39434628      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2302289640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586301533                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083674558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267288494                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164373773                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577051                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125435786                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1079103115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39434628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3976646696                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3542177720                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26225523                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              889343658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            31964513                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586301533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083674558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586301533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.632347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.632347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2862548775                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1577268588                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20481                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      704061089                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5323245                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2847479872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513403113                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3364672777                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2847479872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2847479872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358080344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365644780                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355934984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81295369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437467182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51644388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51825714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2476357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       847790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2559267686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          461438204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3024112092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2559267686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2559267686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3383222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3415568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         321836675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            328635464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3389787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5891924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       847790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2559267686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         783274878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3352747556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33329161                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44943                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12907738                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20421423                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22471                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22471                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21790                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3341177528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268832234                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513732390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           512019537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36652235                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  512019537                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320397375                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566574369                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133157761                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81379258                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51778503                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2740320268.229628                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600857259.770372                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.179834                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.820166                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
