
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 181366                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   322071                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101175304                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519604                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    224987614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              980539741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         434519750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    224987614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1287882979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.205960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048024000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.205960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.575373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.575373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249013824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249013824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249013824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249013824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1706100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11007.096774                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231093392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231093392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231768992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231768992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231768992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231768992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.829545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.829545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           149                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1809.050356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              44                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.295302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          119.524190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.589183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1226.226272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    425.976189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.103998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2293                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          600                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5261                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             663                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  663                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2293                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5360                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204821580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73673930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      281985606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34040771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34040771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204821580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107714701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       316026377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204821580                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107714701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      316026377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.341964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.771363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.364025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.364025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102810.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102977.164404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105550.042980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103140.309437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102842.208459                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101918.476048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102810.733333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102977.164404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104679.009718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103007.293677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102810.733333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102977.164404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104679.009718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103007.293677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193840546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69864991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267010033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32201571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32201571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193840546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102066562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299211604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193840546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102066562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299211604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7506275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7506275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.362126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97370.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97456.282554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100093.110315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98129.376332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97285.712991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97285.712991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97370.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97456.282554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99190.050534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98037.878113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97370.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97456.282554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99190.050534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98037.878113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1739.084538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.354619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.077571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1249.803292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    447.114339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     33                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     33                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186811616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67309402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257296148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30907139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30907139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186811616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98216541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288203287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186811616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98216541                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288203287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96722.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95069.524682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97549.857971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95259.588301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93942.671733                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93093.792169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96722.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95069.524682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96385.221786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95022.514672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96722.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95069.524682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96385.221786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95022.514672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159191087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57702605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219610119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26198419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26198419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159191087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83901024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245808538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159191087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83901024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245808538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82856.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81013.275827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83626.963768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81700.193080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79630.452888                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79630.452888                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82856.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81013.275827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82336.628067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81474.490554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82856.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81013.275827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82336.628067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81474.490554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3773                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.738104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.769679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083165860157                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.363587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   438.374517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.856200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20773                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4952                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297980863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297980863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297980863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    297980863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297980863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    297980863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.841478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.409284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.841478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.409284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.841478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.409284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232855792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232855792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232855792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232855792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232855792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232855792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54367.450852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54367.450852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           91                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.073791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.604396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.343953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.729838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1806178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1806178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1806178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1806178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1806178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1806178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.289773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.289773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.289773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19012.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17707.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19012.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17707.627451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19012.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17707.627451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1507455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1507455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1507455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1507455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1507455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1507455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15867.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2295                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.100429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.105011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.091003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.009426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2311                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32124056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32124056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32124056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13936.683731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13900.500216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13936.683731                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13900.500216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13936.683731                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13900.500216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25047340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25047340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25047340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25047340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25047340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25047340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10866.524946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10866.524946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1237                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.531772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   30754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.861762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.031001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.500770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.725648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16179                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16183                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43496                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43501                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          442                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146101717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146101717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38510971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38510971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184612688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184612688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184612688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184612688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67390.090867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67390.090867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87128.893665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86541.507865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70732.830651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70651.621891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70732.830651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70651.621891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          663                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              663                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83115095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83115095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35906286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35906286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119021381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119021381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119021381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119021381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3984588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3984588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11776129                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11776129                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025920                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64033.201079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64033.201079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83309.248260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83309.248260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38192                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38192                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6196                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28518                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15237                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179119                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                184199                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          416                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       415478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.282936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362544     87.26%     87.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2486      0.60%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1951      0.47%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2883      0.69%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3957      0.95%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3778      0.91%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5102      1.23%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2062      0.50%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30715      7.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       415478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       172347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        327684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11907                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       772231                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       772141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          130071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          976                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30304                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25046                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259948                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        95379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       137536                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          796                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       415478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.625660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.398653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318657     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32463      7.81%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20408      4.91%     89.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16233      3.91%     93.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11257      2.71%     96.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8653      2.08%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5408      1.30%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1963      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          436      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       415478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            509     39.58%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           401     31.18%     70.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          376     29.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2886      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199743     76.84%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35655     13.72%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21654      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259948                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336165                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1286                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004947                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       939034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       387826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       247755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14986                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          151                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8379                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92339                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292352                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25046                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           287                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          109                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          151                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252599                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33808                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25688                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20683                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326661                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               247764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160613                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252081                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320409                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637148                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       103525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6251                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       397804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.474671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.394815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332569     83.60%     83.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24234      6.09%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12453      3.13%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9985      2.51%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5959      1.50%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3070      0.77%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1642      0.41%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2443      0.61%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5449      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       397804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103870                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41862                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25195                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20588                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           186985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              684578                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             602555                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 357797                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97157                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.444642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.444642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486189                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269409                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110565                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           660                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993657946                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501282725                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 124321                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   242988                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            33937038424                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4548204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1768.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   219829426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     429662514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3432512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       617088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4679232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8806976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       617088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         617088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4472384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4472384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               137609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          69881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               69881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        77976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 146761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        77976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                221289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71431                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.902234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.303991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.598243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.018999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.912390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54166                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         44699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            99429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           99429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507645664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4809369855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5317015519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8972241600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    155200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9127441600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9479887264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   4964569855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14444457119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9479887264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   4964569855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14444457119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        41755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         2969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          99454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         99454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143808.969972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115241.412192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117469.357290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175239.093750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 52326.365475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168508.688107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173211.899580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111066.687286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145274.086222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173211.899580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111066.687286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145274.086222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    114577936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11750                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9751.313702                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464683100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4305980900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4770664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8355117092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    118192800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8473309892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8819800192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4424173700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13243973892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8819800192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4424173700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13243973892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131638.271955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103179.280186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105398.758368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163185.880703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39849.224545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156432.261788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161151.108935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98977.017383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133200.312706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161151.108935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98977.017383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133200.312706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        347915                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3989.283097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4783213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        351942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         13.590913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1188.111809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.047537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    70.376887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.184218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1441.044106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1281.518463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.290066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.351817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.312871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1344062                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1912811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       702854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4001333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          840892                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               840892                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        24404                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               24404                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       226854                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               226854                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1344062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1912811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       929708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4228187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1344062                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41606                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1912811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       929708                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4228187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       100550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       173171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               280045                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17711                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17711                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        88877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              88877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       100550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       262048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                368922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       100550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       262048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               368922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    137182236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29030303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2990065614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8260815896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11417094049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    219059456                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    219059456                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5443796286                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5443796286                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    137182236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29030303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2990065614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13704612182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16860890335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    137182236                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29030303                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2990065614                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13704612182                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16860890335                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1349417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2013361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       876025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4281378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       840892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           840892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           42115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       315731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           315731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1349417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2013361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1191756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4597109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1349417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2013361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1191756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4597109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.197678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.065410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420539                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.420539                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.281496                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.281496                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.080251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.080251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25617.597759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29959.033024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29737.102079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47703.229155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40768.783763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12368.553780                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12368.553780                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61250.900525                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61250.900525                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25617.597759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29959.033024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29737.102079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52298.098753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45703.130567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25617.597759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29959.033024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29737.102079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52298.098753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45703.130567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              154678                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   154678                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       100543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       173171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          280038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        88877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         88877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       100543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       262048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           368915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       100543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       262048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          368915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    108579740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23807389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2420291411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7302669946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9855348486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1568915570                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1568915570                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4935328119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4935328119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    108579740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23807389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2420291411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12237998065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14790676605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    108579740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23807389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2420291411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12237998065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14790676605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1472178130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1472178130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337189731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3337189731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4809367861                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4809367861                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.197678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420539                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420539                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.281496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.080249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20276.328665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24569.028896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24072.202053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42170.282241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35192.896985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88584.245384                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88584.245384                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55529.868459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55529.868459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20276.328665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24569.028896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24072.202053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46701.360304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40092.369801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20276.328665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24569.028896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24072.202053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46701.360304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40092.369801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56148                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32182.724686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          347242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         88528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.922397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8186.233195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.430249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.434619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   185.107967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    58.358227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4984.258622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  18763.885703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.249824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.152108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.572628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          866                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        90900                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       118092                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 214905                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          154678                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               154678                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                44257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        90900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       162349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  259162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5047                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          866                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        90900                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       162349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 259162                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9643                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55079                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                65133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40693                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             40693                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21562                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              21562                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        76641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 86695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9643                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        76641                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                86695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28686538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9598497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    902462128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4999546843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5940294006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78293178                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     78293178                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1996277678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1996277678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28686538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9598497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    902462128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6995824521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7936571684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28686538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9598497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    902462128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6995824521                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7936571684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       100543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       173171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             280038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       154678                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           154678                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40769                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40769                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        65819                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            65819                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       100543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       238990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              345857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       100543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       238990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             345857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.318061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.232586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998136                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998136                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.327595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.250667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.250667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93138.110390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93189.291262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93587.278648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90770.472285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91202.524158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1923.996216                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1923.996216                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92583.140618                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92583.140618                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93138.110390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93189.291262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93587.278648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91280.444162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91545.898656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93138.110390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93189.291262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93587.278648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91280.444162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91545.898656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               17881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    17881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40693                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        40693                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            86695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           86695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24374084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8155711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    766499372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4219843988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5018873155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3081564688                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3081564688                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1685236493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1685236493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24374084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8155711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    766499372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5905080481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6704109648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24374084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8155711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    766499372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5905080481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6704109648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1316976732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1316976732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2937635475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2937635475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4254612207                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4254612207                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.318061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998136                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998136                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.250667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.095909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79136.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79181.660194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79487.646168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76614.390022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77055.765204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75727.144423                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75727.144423                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78157.707680                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78157.707680                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79136.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79181.660194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79487.646168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77048.583408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77329.830417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79136.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79181.660194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79487.646168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77048.583408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77329.830417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2473551                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1919                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1893                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2017                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2514091                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   329757                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3043                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               2013362                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.996330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22577196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               2013874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.210828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22572210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22572210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22572210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22572210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22572210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22572210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2108881                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2108881                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2108881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2108881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2108881                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2108881                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29627373643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29627373643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29627373643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  29627373643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29627373643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  29627373643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24681091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24681091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24681091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24681091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24681091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24681091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14048.859866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14048.859866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14048.859866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14048.859866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14048.859866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14048.859866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       265518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37931.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        95508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        95508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        95508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95508                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2013373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2013373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2013373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2013373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2013373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2013373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21337987269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21337987269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21337987269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21337987269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21337987269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21337987269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10598.129243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10598.129243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10598.129243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10598.129243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10598.129243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10598.129243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        42633                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         28327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        42649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.664189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083930307300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28001                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        28001                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        28001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        28001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        42839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        42839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42839                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        42839                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    822761781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    822761781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    822761781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    822761781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    822761781                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    822761781                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        70840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        70840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.604729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.604729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.604729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.604729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.604729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.604729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19205.905390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19205.905390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19205.905390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19205.905390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19205.905390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19205.905390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           61                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    692162370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692162370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    692162370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    692162370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    692162370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692162370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.604729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.604729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.604729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16157.295222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16157.295222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16157.295222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16157.295222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16157.295222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16157.295222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1349805                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        190545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1349821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.141163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       190210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       190210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       190210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       190210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       190210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       190210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1350114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1350114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1350114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1350114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1350114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1350114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17559419763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17559419763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17559419763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  17559419763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17559419763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  17559419763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1540324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1540324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1540324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1540324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1540324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1540324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.876513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.876513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.876513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13005.879328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13005.879328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13005.879328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13005.879328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13005.879328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13005.879328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2712                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2712                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1350114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1350114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1350114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1350114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1350114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1350114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13451131890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13451131890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13451131890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13451131890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13451131890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13451131890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9962.960083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9962.960083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9962.960083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9962.960083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9962.960083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9962.960083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1189544                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.237252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44110488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1190055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 37.065924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.237252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26401156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26401156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17659615                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17659615                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44060771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44060771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44060771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44060771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1859118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1859118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       361434                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       361434                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2220552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2220552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2220552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2220552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67247797443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  67247797443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11110382412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11110382412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78358179855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78358179855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78358179855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78358179855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28260274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28260274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18021049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18021049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46281323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46281323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46281323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46281323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36171.882281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36171.882281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30739.726788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30739.726788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35287.703172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35287.703172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35287.703172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35287.703172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       838119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           838119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       982127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       982127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       988112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       988112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       988112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       988112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       876991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       876991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       355449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       355449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1232440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1232440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1232440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1232440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18301958639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18301958639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9651507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9651507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27953465657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27953465657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27953465657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27953465657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1534313729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1534313729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3482343910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3482343910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5016657639                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5016657639                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20869.038153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20869.038153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27153.000903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27153.000903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22681.400845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22681.400845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22681.400845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22681.400845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               287923326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        32060601                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     32060601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3585024                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23567914                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16706173                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    120331273                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             146661775                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           32060601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16706173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             50032134                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11885299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            709087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      90433197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       268767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66182                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          152                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24681096                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2138705                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          12649                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    270000512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.091129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.546301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       220890098     81.81%     81.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4632715      1.72%     83.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2368900      0.88%     84.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3380286      1.25%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3492861      1.29%     86.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3497090      1.30%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3499511      1.30%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3272307      1.21%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24966744      9.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    270000512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.111351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.509378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       117921781                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     95811029                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         47129106                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       978876                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       8159720                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     289599878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       8159720                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       121798848                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       46759546                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39366831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         44166075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9749492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     282024748                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        75275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3234982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4647774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       233649                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314559767                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    708211495                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    677826023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30385472                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    244305322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        70254556                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1218742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1247535                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26452099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     33902343                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21282709                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2289298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1521324                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         261106797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1537876                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        247271669                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       614877                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     41903073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     60267313                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       395441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    270000512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.915819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.587481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175540549     65.01%     65.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32103257     11.89%     76.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21747810      8.05%     84.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     15047797      5.57%     90.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10811580      4.00%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7651878      2.83%     97.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5094357      1.89%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1568723      0.58%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       434561      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    270000512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         547998     36.54%     36.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4375      0.29%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        593358     39.57%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       353841     23.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4138348      1.67%      1.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    181825225     73.53%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9199351      3.72%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32153134     13.00%     91.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19955611      8.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     247271669                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.858811                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1499572                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006064                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    745240499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    289620088                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    231071930                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21874642                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14952277                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10713680                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     233698676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10934217                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3114693                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5978597                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        37471                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        31273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3315376                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        28251                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       8159720                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       37307735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       473954                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    262644673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6341499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33902343                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21282709                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1331054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        254542                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        45054                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        31273                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1442881                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2492922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3935803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    243482987                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31375149                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3788682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            51052810                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        24971952                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19677661                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.845652                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             242082554                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            241785610                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        161404030                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        269150167                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.839757                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.599680                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     45336888                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1142435                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3591266                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261930573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.828732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.820410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190853433     72.86%     72.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24207841      9.24%     82.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14669842      5.60%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11470251      4.38%     92.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5282237      2.02%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2965391      1.13%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2379479      0.91%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1937542      0.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8164557      3.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261930573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109173583                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     217070305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              45891093                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             27923757                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             158750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22723974                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244905                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        209014726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      8164557                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           515838680                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          533076633                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 969240                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               17922814                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179918037702                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109173583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            217070305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109173583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.637298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.637298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.379176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.379176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       484497199                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      257430448                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18768530                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9797597                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      101216367                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1158978                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7390936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7788232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1158022408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231229548                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1404618664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1158022408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1158022408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2506207                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150438927                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154759662                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       923867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144752801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32467202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179122332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           41861                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19679481                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19749694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19297481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3853248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23406803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19297481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19297481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             41764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2506940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2578941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             42984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19297481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6360188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25985744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2473551                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1919                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1893                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2017                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2514091                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  329757                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1958                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109592668                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210711316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           209817332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                45647                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13400284                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  209817332                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       45647                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         528971438                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232639279                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              73992                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37567                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52233604                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32501708                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19731896                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961288870.143402                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             245897674.856618                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001365                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998635                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
