
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 183723                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   329987                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96906301                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549751                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              251008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239028270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              865622229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433473243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        180319572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239028270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1045941801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      830                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.270204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064147000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.270204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.516888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.516888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148164896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    148164896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148786896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    148786896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148786896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    148786896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 44428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178082.807692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178082.807692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175871.035461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175871.035461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175871.035461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175871.035461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       986500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10722.826087                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       444200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       444200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138143800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138143800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31728.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31728.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166038.221154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166038.221154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163815.602837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163815.602837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163815.602837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163815.602837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           214                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1659.046428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              56                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.261682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           57.564968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.604298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.965834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.485692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1106.397209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    460.028490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.014054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.270117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.405041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             444                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  444                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2018                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4948                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2856                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2960298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204915659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85490896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294199367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28826123                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28826123                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2960298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204915659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114317019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323025490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2960298                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204915659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114317019                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323025490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.497009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.368421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843373                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.843373                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.497009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.387927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.497009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.387927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105724.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92501.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102766.127884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104768.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103010.982843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102950.439286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102950.439286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105724.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92501.555556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102766.127884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104303.849453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103005.577168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105724.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92501.555556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102766.127884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104303.849453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103005.577168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2807998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193908892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81024040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278523558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27272223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27272223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2807998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193908892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108296263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305795781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2807998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193908892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108296263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305795781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3180468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3180468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.497009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.497009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.386813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.497009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100285.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86958.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97246.184554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99294.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97830.543730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97400.796429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97400.796429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100285.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86958.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97246.184554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98810.458942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97792.063000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100285.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86958.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97246.184554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98810.458942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97792.063000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1651.498712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.550974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.679418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.964682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1136.171922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    478.131793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     44                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               8                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    8                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     44                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3090                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2709698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186762606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78048630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268261862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26145725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26145725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2709698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186762606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104194355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294407587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2709698                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186762606                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104194355                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294407587                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            8                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                8                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.985960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.985960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96774.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95189.911315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96954.819876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95398.955192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94049.370504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94049.370504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96774.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95189.911315                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96209.007387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95277.536246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96774.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95189.911315                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96209.007387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95277.536246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2322161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159189050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66824363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228964429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22180769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22180769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2322161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159189050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89005132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251145198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2322161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159189050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89005132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251145198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82934.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78606.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81136.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83011.631056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81685.490189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79786.938849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79786.938849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82934.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78606.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81136.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82183.870729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81514.183057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82934.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78606.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81136.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82183.870729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81514.183057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3504                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               417.253974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   26593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.589326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.614582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   416.639393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.813749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.814949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30504                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30504                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4647                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4647                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291429247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291429247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291429247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    291429247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291429247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    291429247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62713.416613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62686.437298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62713.416613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62686.437298                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62713.416613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62686.437298                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228689626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228689626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228689626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228689626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228689626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228689626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57001.402293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57001.402293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57001.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57001.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57001.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57001.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          134                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.591281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.328358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.332034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.259247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          145                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2622876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2622876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2622876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2622876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2622876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2622876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.358586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.363409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.358586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.363409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.358586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.363409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18470.957746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18088.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18470.957746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18088.800000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18470.957746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18088.800000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2176875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2176875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2176875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.358586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.358586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.358586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15330.105634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15330.105634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15330.105634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15330.105634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15330.105634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15330.105634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2431                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.342815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.119704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.278073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          374                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          374                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2447                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31441519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31441519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31441519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31441519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31441519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31441519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.867282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.867423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.867282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.867423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.867282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.867423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12864.778642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12849.006539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12864.778642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12849.006539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12864.778642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12849.006539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23909732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23909732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23909732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23909732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23909732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23909732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.867282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.867282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.867282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9783.032733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9783.032733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9783.032733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9783.032733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9783.032733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9783.032733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   968                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               403.518240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   24145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.943182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.412199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   403.106041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.787316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.788122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20744                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20744                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55416                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55416                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2317                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2661                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2662                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201534109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201534109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32183566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32183566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    233717675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    233717675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    233717675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    233717675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87018.181779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86980.625378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93285.698551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93285.698551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87830.768508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87797.774230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87830.768508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87797.774230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          444                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              444                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92343823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92343823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29951497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29951497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122295320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122295320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122295320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122295320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653185                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653185                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80579.252182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80579.252182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89944.435435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89944.435435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82687.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82687.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82687.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82687.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  822592                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48799                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48799                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35460                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21564                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                227406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21564                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69804                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           24                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          520                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             42                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.955729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.431436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386055     85.01%     85.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3052      0.67%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2783      0.61%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3858      0.85%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6199      1.37%     88.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4158      0.92%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6269      1.38%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3316      0.73%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38426      8.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.276451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          196601                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       171851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        417672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         103924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60221                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        396968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          102                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       435411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       992838                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       992748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          150520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1170                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368213                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334587                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       153473                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          980                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.736788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.505951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       331802     73.07%     73.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39861      8.78%     81.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25951      5.71%     87.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19849      4.37%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14699      3.24%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10843      2.39%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8031      1.77%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2560      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          520      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            883     49.52%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           454     25.46%     74.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          446     25.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4080      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259072     77.43%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44803     13.39%     92.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26622      7.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334587                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.406747                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1783                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005329                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1127512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       478666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5479                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16357                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9247                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90973                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          929                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370345                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5991                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           490                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8443                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324711                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42566                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9876                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33781                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25526                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.394741                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208118                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339119                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.388302                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613702                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       116990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7394                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.583543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.546141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       348861     80.35%     80.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30476      7.02%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16405      3.78%     91.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13337      3.07%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8173      1.88%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3472      0.80%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2329      0.54%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2865      0.66%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8247      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133942                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54312                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33178                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27956                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8247                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              796060                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761025                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2405                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 368476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2518                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253354                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.141404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.141404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162829                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162829                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644389                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348581                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139684                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003928224490                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975431002899                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129937                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   247739                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11012215829                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4573884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1816.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236033189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     450023295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       471040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1582656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4330880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       471040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         471040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2479232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2479232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38738                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38738                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 216501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           123937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                123937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           123937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                340439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45298                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.948378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.401893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.068812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.879566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.929973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5296                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5296                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1705                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1705                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            7001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               7001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           7001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              7001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31883                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35120                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          51760                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         66743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            83643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        66743                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           83643                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1285004013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1296386013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2929201920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2328342000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5257543920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940583920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3613346013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6553929933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940583920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3613346013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6553929933                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.953700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.968110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.922764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.922764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43776.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40635.107770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40660.728696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176033.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66296.753986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101575.423493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173999.048521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54138.201954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78355.988343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173999.048521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54138.201954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78355.988343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21600600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1895                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11398.733509                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        66743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        66743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8082100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    890958358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    899040458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2728652800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1894182100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4622834900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736734900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2785140458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5521875358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736734900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2785140458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5521875358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.953700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968110                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        31085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28174.378079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28198.113666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163981.538462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53934.570046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89312.884467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161936.976331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41729.326791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66017.184439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161936.976331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41729.326791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66017.184439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        544256                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4005.717613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         8707662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        548285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         15.881635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          762.075705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.012896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.004337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.089149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.232304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2382.745412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    822.557797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.186054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.581725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.200820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.977958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1236589                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6032682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       701277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                8039542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          712998                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               712998                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29125                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               29125                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       215370                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               215370                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1236589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6032682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       916647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8254912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1236589                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68994                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6032682                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       916647                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8254912                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       314891                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       173976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               495368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        19541                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             19541                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        63925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              63925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       314891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       237901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                559293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       314891                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       237901                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               559293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136939184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21270768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7346044159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5657375671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13161629782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    559903688                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    559903688                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3331997866                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3331997866                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136939184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21270768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7346044159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8989373537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16493627648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136939184                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21270768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7346044159                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8989373537                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16493627648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1242371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6347573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       875253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8534910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       712998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           712998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48666                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           48666                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       279295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           279295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1242371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6347573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1154548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             8814205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1242371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6347573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1154548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            8814205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.058040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401533                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.401533                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.228880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.063454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.063454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23683.705292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29583.821975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23328.847630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32518.138542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26569.398471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28652.765365                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28652.765365                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52123.548940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52123.548940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23683.705292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29583.821975                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23328.847630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37786.194833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29490.137813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23683.705292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29583.821975                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23328.847630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37786.194833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29490.137813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              113632                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   113632                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       314890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       173951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          495342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19541                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        19541                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         63925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       314890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       237876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           559267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       314890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       237876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          559267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    105806855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17331339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5549453218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4687374164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10359965576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1177274523                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177274523                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2973432073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973432073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    105806855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17331339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5549453218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7660806237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13333397649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    105806855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17331339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5549453218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7660806237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13333397649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3931324889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3931324889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6343966157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6343966157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10275291046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10275291046                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401533                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401533                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.063451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18299.352300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24104.783032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17623.466029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26946.520365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20914.773179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60246.380584                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60246.380584                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46514.385186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46514.385186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18299.352300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24104.783032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17623.466029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32205.040597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23840.844622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18299.352300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24104.783032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17623.466029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32205.040597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23840.844622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8415                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30284.150102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          542893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         13.787058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10493.381843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.512319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.054856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.090108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   153.744099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    51.428498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8449.985981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11130.952400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.320233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.257873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.339690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.924199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5584                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          645                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       307529                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       130061                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 443819                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          113632                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               113632                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  90                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36347                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                36347                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       307529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       166408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  480166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5584                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          645                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       307529                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       166408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 480166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        43890                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                51523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29062                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29062                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              17967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        61857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 69490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7361                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        61857                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                69490                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18574417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6924161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    689020407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2318286622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3032805607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    438113865                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    438113865                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1434990419                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1434990419                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18574417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6924161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    689020407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3753277041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4467796026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18574417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6924161                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    689020407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3753277041                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4467796026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       314890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       173951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             495342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       113632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           113632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            54314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       314890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       228265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              549656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       314890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       228265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             549656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.104015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996913                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.996913                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330799                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.330799                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.126425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.126425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93810.186869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93569.743243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93604.185165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52820.383276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.140869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15075.145035                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15075.145035                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79868.114822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79868.114822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93810.186869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93569.743243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93604.185165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60676.674281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64294.085854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93810.186869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93569.743243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93604.185165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60676.674281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64294.085854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3464                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3464                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29062                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29062                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         17967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        61857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            69490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        61857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           69490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15804537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5888141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    585302862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1701401957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2308397497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1592301231                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592301231                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1177985258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177985258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15804537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5888141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    585302862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2879387215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486382755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15804537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5888141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    585302862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2879387215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486382755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3504091066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3504091066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5643117214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5643117214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9147208280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9147208280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996913                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996913                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79820.893939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79569.472973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79514.041842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38765.139143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44803.243154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54789.802182                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54789.802182                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65563.825792                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65563.825792                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79820.893939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79569.472973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79514.041842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46549.092504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50170.999496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79820.893939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79569.472973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79514.041842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46549.092504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50170.999496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591254                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746610                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8537                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7193                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4952                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7188                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15730                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1337864                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236455                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298585                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8854                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6347584                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16758065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6348096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.639857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16753911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16753911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16753911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16753911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16753911                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16753911                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6599257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6599257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6599257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6599257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6599257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6599257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82207765519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82207765519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82207765519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  82207765519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82207765519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  82207765519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23353168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23353168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23353168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23353168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23353168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23353168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.282585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.282585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.282585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12457.124419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12457.124419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12457.124419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12457.124419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12457.124419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12457.124419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        99910                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33303.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       251537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       251537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       251537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       251537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       251537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       251537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6347720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6347720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6347720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6347720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6347720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6347720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  57096581339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57096581339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  57096581339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57096581339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  57096581339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57096581339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8994.817248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8994.817248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8994.817248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8994.817248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8994.817248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8994.817248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        69764                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        107631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        69780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.542433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972568580300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       107258                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       107258                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       107258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       107258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       107258                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       107258                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        69969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        69969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        69969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1217690583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1217690583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1217690583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1217690583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1217690583                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1217690583                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       177227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       177227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       177227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.394799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.394799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.394799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17403.286927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17403.286927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17403.286927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17403.286927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17403.286927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17403.286927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1003773736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003773736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1003773736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003773736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1003773736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003773736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14345.978019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14345.978019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14345.978019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14345.978019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14345.978019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14345.978019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1242761                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         81506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1242777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.065584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        81031                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        81031                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        81031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        81031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        81031                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        81031                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1243010                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1243010                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1243010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1243010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1243010                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1243010                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19797614337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19797614337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19797614337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  19797614337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19797614337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  19797614337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1324041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1324041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1324041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.938800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.938800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.938800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15927.156127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15927.156127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15927.156127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15927.156127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15927.156127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15927.156127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1243010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1243010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1243010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1243010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1243010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1243010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16006848954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16006848954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16006848954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16006848954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16006848954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16006848954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12877.490088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12877.490088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12877.490088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12877.490088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12877.490088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12877.490088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1138659                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.984000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49838004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1139171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.749362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.984000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31248131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31248131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18502174                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18502174                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49750305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49750305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49750305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49750305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1382067                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1382067                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       329145                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       329145                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1711212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1711212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1711212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1711212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32736371026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32736371026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9070042108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9070042108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41806413134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41806413134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41806413134                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41806413134                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32630198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32630198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18831319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18831319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51461517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51461517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51461517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51461517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23686.529688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23686.529688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27556.372140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27556.372140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24430.878894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24430.878894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24430.878894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24430.878894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       712520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           712520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       505422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       505422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       508410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       508410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       508410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       508410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       876645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       876645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       326157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       326157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1202802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1202802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1202802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1202802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16436958816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16436958816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7870978701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7870978701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24307937517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24307937517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24307937517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24307937517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4102099113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4102099113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6597606391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6597606391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10699705504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10699705504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18749.846079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18749.846079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24132.484359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24132.484359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20209.425589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20209.425589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20209.425589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20209.425589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               370873385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29316995                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29316995                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3955211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25289657                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15001305                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198421770                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             142596568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29316995                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15001305                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             46575464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13474759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            612635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      68118874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       178307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       171079                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           33                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23353170                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2825908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          34089                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    323344765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.851567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.303891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       278205934     86.04%     86.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3626326      1.12%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2250901      0.70%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3494214      1.08%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2767795      0.86%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3169810      0.98%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3171683      0.98%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2476132      0.77%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24181970      7.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    323344765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.079049                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.384489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       195029692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     74967832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43326882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       753756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9266603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     269500640                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          206                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9266603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       197528510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10063006                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     60344926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41578429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4563291                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     261247136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        18282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        281231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2458054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9923                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    287351586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    654641622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    649453109                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5188513                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220380045                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        66971645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1585047                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1605455                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         16833317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     38937113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23466330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3032781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1827466                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         249544634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2125722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        235959483                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       523916                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     48120202                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67589801                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       576600                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    323344765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.729746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.479382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233673654     72.27%     72.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30807373      9.53%     81.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     20938357      6.48%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13200982      4.08%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10291045      3.18%     95.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7229458      2.24%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4547137      1.41%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2175914      0.67%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       480845      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    323344765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         449284     33.08%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        51636      3.80%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        506454     37.29%     74.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       350788     25.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1858994      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    173945794     73.72%     74.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1405369      0.60%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36901810     15.64%     90.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21847516      9.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     235959483                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.636227                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1358162                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    794065217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    297209093                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    227545296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3501005                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2627292                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1589274                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     233691966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1766685                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3174701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8133627                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        46228                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        48025                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4586040                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        63326                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9266603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7476445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    251670356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2138325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38937113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23466582                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1877624                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         53900                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         8090                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        48025                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1591691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2828169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4419860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    231879473                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     35893153                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4080010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57241155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23348228                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21348002                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.625225                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             229505011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            229134570                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        147892331                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        229455467                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.617824                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644536                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     53176266                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1549122                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3966609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    314257905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.630992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.575087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    246330551     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24483287      7.79%     86.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11969651      3.81%     89.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12532008      3.99%     93.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6363287      2.02%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2611970      0.83%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2112371      0.67%     97.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1749901      0.56%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6104879      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    314257905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104081812                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198294176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49684042                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30803497                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199210                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20741530                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259592                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196361041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6104879                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           559256152                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          512226511                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                2787851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               47528620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59699292270                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104081812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198294176                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104081812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.563287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.563287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.280640                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.280640                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       458021025                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      248270234                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2838272                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1503568                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      106956543                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1496320                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171538                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1399382392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       234805011                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1635800333                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1399382392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1399382392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016182                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157499566                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161477156                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        174922799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37047891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212063829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23307167                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23389315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           69955380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11737945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81773955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      69955380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         69955380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7873432                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8072272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          69955380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19611377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             89846228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746610                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591254                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7193                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8537                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5414                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8532                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15730                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1337864                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298585                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236455                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7953                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072786448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 130868671                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   249802182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           247621212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               962418                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17040364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  247621212                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      962418                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         633031360                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        278790819                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1606028                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            785603                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60416553                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37068212                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23348341                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779845013.807709                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             292941434.192296                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
