
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 105948                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   188104                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59219759                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518583                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        920714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7065362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    223442067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              981202119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7065362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    223442067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1288545356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.186969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048372000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.186969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.574186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.574186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249772824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249772824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250697824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250697824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250697824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250697824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42045.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42045.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177395.471591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177395.471591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1736800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10655.214724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232807392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232807392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233464892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233464892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233464892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233464892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29886.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29886.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165346.159091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165346.159091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1290                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1456.891816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.741860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          107.844069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.451912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.179572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.711169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.446393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.589649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    990.409373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    329.259679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.026329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.241799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.080386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.355686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          451                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4732                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             610                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  610                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          528                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4809                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3603                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3590216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       588319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214382479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74917216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293478230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34511832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34511832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3590216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       588319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214382479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       327990062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3590216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       588319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214382479                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429048                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      327990062                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              424                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.407611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817102                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.818396                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.428317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.428317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83493.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 49026.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89103.274730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95802.066496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90134.591523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100325.093023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99457.729107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83493.395349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 49026.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89103.274730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97183.879218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91032.490147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83493.395349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 49026.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89103.274730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97183.879218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91032.490147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 107                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      107                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3355490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       522048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70637111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275532918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32598799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32598799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3355490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       522048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103235910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308131717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3355490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       522048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103235910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308131717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3824436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3824436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7526068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7526068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11350504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11350504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78034.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83548.740233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90328.786445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84962.355227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94763.950581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94763.950581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78034.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83548.740233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91683.756661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85902.346529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78034.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83548.740233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91683.756661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85902.346529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1763.439073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           24.259229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.739917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.731185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1256.439566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    442.269319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             107                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  107                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    565                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          681                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187402971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66536600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257387418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31295499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31295499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187402971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97832099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288682917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187402971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97832099                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288682917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.829853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968300                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.843186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.843186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95949.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94362.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95031.932556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97704.258443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95258.111769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93980.477477                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93141.366071                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95949.906250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94362.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95031.932556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96481.359961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.001646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95949.906250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94362.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95031.932556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96481.359961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.001646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2625837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159674241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57065481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219686759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26536254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26536254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2625837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159674241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83601735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2625837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159674241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83601735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6721379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6721379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10122179                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10122179                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82057.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.710446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83796.594714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81698.311268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79688.450450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79688.450450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82057.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.710446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82447.470414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81476.840834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82057.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.710446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82447.470414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81476.840834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3725                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.692726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.795168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.227418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   438.465308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.856378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4953                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    305060128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305060128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    305060128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    305060128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    305060128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    305060128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61628.308687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61590.980820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61628.308687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61590.980820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61628.308687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61590.980820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    238791025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238791025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    238791025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238791025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    238791025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238791025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56398.447095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56398.447095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          111                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.291835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.360360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.219366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.072469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.076210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.643240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2233428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2233428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2233428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2233428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2233428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2233428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.316062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.316062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.316062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19421.113043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18306.786885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19421.113043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18306.786885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19421.113043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18306.786885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1873774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1873774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1873774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1873774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1873774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1873774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16293.686957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16293.686957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2383                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.098304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.116240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.007426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.812964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2399                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2399                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32942760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32942760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32942760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32942760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32942760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32942760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13766.301713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.871613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13766.301713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.871613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13766.301713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.871613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25596547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25596547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25596547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25596547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25596547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25596547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10696.425825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10696.425825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1169                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.378347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.769033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.694071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.684277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.725348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26966                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26967                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15992                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15996                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42958                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42963                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          459                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2611                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148039160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148039160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38741499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38741499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186780659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    186780659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186780659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    186780659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68695.665893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68695.665893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84959.427632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84404.137255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71536.062428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71453.962892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71536.062428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71453.962892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          610                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              610                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82824604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82824604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36122216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36122216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118946820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118946820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118946820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118946820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3990036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3990036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7813242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7813242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11803278                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11803278                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026922                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67173.239254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67173.239254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81539.990971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81539.990971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  774020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37755                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37755                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28285                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14895                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                182865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37755                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        159244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          430                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             41                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       412482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.818218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.281809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360058     87.29%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2474      0.60%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1921      0.47%     88.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2792      0.68%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3919      0.95%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3736      0.91%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5108      1.24%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1988      0.48%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30486      7.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       412482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.236254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          175188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169104                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48192                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        324755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          179357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        309064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       338798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       765258                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       765168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       209773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          934                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            287838                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           257764                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94377                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       412482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.624910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.398590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       316710     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31898      7.73%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20123      4.88%     89.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16214      3.93%     93.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11247      2.73%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8556      2.07%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5350      1.30%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1962      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       412482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            499     39.51%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     31.12%     70.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          371     29.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2867      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       198120     76.86%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35246     13.67%     91.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21521      8.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        257764                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.333020                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1263                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       931624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       383897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       245630                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        256146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14740                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8294                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           41                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92798                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       289423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           84                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       250433                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33401                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53962                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25400                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20561                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.323548                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                246354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               245639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159582                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250392                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.317355                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637329                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          796                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       394866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.473120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.391252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       330193     83.62%     83.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24087      6.10%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12298      3.11%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9973      2.53%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5905      1.50%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2969      0.75%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1678      0.42%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2420      0.61%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5343      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       394866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102849                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        186819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41347                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24853                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20352                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184980                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              678791                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             596613                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 361538                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96412                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               186819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.525790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.525790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          482446                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         267205                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109480                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           634                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42369                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83982                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            20895002844                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2871.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121672414                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241174533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       573632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2667200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5236736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       573632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         573632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2486656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2486656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38019                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.898643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.132890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.765753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.922860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    491251664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1959638595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2450890259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4851950544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101177000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4953127544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5343202208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2060815595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7404017803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5343202208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2060815595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7404017803                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155361.057559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114679.224895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121031.617728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175490.109375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61245.157385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169048.721638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173424.284583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109968.815101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149425.182704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173424.284583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109968.815101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149425.182704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64182628                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6568                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9772.020097                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    453124892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1753506856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2206631748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4518709768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80740100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4599449868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4971834660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1834246956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6806081616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4971834660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1834246956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6806081616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143303.254902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102616.272004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108969.469037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163437.129919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48874.152542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156977.811195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161370.810127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97878.706297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137357.852997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161370.810127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97878.706297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137357.852997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        307404                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2658.173590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2096743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        310147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          6.760481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          560.474376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    40.045234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.046444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1285.050655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    765.556860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.136835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.313733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.186904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.648968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       672607                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28270                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       966085                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       199969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1866931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          275931                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               275931                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15677                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               15677                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        79463                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                79463                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       672607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       966085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       279432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1946394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       672607                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28270                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       966085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       279432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1946394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       115855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               260579                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9477                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9477                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              40773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       156628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                301352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139351                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       156628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               301352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    113308523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31769996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3741564337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4930501811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8817144667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127893151                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    127893151                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2647102642                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2647102642                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    113308523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31769996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3741564337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7577604453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     11464247309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    113308523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31769996                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3741564337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7577604453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    11464247309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1105436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       315824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2127510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       275933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           275933                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           25154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       120236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           120236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1105436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       436060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2247746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1105436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       436060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2247746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.126060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.122481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000007                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000007                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.376759                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.376759                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.339108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.126060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.134069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.126060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.134069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26623.243186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28442.252462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26849.928145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42557.522860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33836.743049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13495.109317                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13495.109317                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64922.930420                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64922.930420                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26623.243186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28442.252462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26849.928145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48379.628502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38042.711875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26623.243186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28442.252462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26849.928145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48379.628502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38042.711875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               79710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    79710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       115845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          260561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9477                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9477                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         40773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       156618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           301334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       156618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          301334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90479295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25722688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2948364433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4287747367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7352313783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    830596228                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    830596228                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2415905815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2415905815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90479295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25722688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2948364433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6703653182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9768219598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90479295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25722688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2948364433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6703653182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9768219598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    860133965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    860133965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2633487928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2633487928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3493621893                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3493621893                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.126055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.376759                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376759                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.126055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.134061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.126055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21264.229142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23069.675336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21158.586777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37012.796124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28217.245800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87643.371109                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87643.371109                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59252.589091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59252.589091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21264.229142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23069.675336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21158.586777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42802.571748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32416.586240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21264.229142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23069.675336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21158.586777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42802.571748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32416.586240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24433                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32412.661820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          287199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          5.041232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9576.485727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.582432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        5.387843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   224.371874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    70.536385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7740.176677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14791.120779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.292251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.236211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.451389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.989156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1017                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        86638                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 222022                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           79712                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                79712                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 263                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18552                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                18552                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       105190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  240574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1017                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       105190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 240574                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38539                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16624                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16624                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14811                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14811                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        44018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 53350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        44018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                53350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25290917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9127430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839098845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2638178285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3511695477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     43946602                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     43946602                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1375760038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1375760038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25290917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9127430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839098845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4013938323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4887455515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25290917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9127430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839098845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4013938323                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4887455515                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       139346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       115845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             260561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        79712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            79712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16887                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16887                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            33363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       139346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       149208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              293924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       139346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       149208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             293924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.147908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984426                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.984426                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.443935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.443935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.295011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.181510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.295011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.181510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93670.062963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93137.040816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.635542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90326.917691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91120.565583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2643.563643                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2643.563643                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92887.721153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92887.721153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93670.062963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93137.040816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.635542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91188.566564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91611.162418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93670.062963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93137.040816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.635542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91188.566564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91611.162418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10509                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10509                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16624                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16624                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            53350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           53350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21515114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7753068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712756426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2225542616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2967567224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1253839671                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1253839671                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1162506828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1162506828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21515114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7753068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712756426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3388049444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4130074052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21515114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7753068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712756426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3388049444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4130074052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    768087923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    768087923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2309675062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2309675062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3077762985                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3077762985                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984426                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984426                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.443935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.295011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.181510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.295011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79685.607407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79112.938776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.211290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76198.946006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77001.666468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75423.464329                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75423.464329                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78489.421916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78489.421916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79685.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79112.938776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.211290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76969.636149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77414.696382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79685.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79112.938776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.211290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76969.636149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77414.696382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1686                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1105436                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13987594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1105948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 12.647605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13981917                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13981917                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13981917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13981917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13981917                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13981917                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1163072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1163072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1163072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1163072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1163072                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1163072                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16831423193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16831423193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16831423193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  16831423193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16831423193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  16831423193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15144989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15144989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15144989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15144989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15144989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15144989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.076796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.076796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.076796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14471.522995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14471.522995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14471.522995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14471.522995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14471.522995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14471.522995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       265898                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37985.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        57624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        57624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        57624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1105448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1105448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1105448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1105448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1105448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1105448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12027742409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12027742409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12027742409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12027742409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12027742409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12027742409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.072991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.072991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.072991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10880.423511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10880.423511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10880.423511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10880.423511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10880.423511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10880.423511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        29425                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         12255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        29441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.416256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083942942300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11902                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        11902                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        11902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11902                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        11902                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        29630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        29630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        29630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    483397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    483397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    483397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    483397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    483397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    483397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        41532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        41532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.713426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.713426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.713426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.713426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.713426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.713426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16314.444819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16314.444819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16314.444819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16314.444819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16314.444819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16314.444819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    392035794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    392035794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    392035794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    392035794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    392035794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    392035794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.713426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.713426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.713426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13231.042659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13231.042659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13231.042659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13231.042659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13231.042659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13231.042659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       677101                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         40400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       677117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.059665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        40130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        40130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        40130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677342                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       677342                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       677342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677342                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       677342                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7876788433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7876788433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7876788433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7876788433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7876788433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7876788433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       717472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       717472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       717472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       717472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       717472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       717472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.944068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.944068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11628.967985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11628.967985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11628.967985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11628.967985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11628.967985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11628.967985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       677342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       677342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       677342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5804810366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5804810366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5804810366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5804810366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5804810366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5804810366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8569.984389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8569.984389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8569.984389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8569.984389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8569.984389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8569.984389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                435123                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.499763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28123419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                435633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 64.557595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.499763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16839433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16839433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11247781                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11247781                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28087214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28087214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28087214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28087214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       686620                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       686620                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       146578                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       146578                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       833198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        833198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       833198                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       833198                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28046835648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28046835648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5075930968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5075930968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33122766616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33122766616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33122766616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33122766616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17526053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17526053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11394359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11394359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28920412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28920412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28920412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28920412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40847.682340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40847.682340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34629.555377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34629.555377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39753.775952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39753.775952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39753.775952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39753.775952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       275839                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           275839                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       370218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       370218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       372466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       372466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       372466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       372466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       316402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       316402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       144330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       144330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       460732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       460732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       460732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       460732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7750982973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7750982973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4467684918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4467684918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12218667891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12218667891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12218667891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12218667891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    897115588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    897115588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2750946438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2750946438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3648062026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3648062026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24497.262890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24497.262890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30954.651964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30954.651964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26520.119920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26520.119920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26520.119920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26520.119920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               166567406                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19430494                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19430494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2181647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15204144                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        11076327                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68304575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87897240                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19430494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11076327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30824156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7162399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            242196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49059695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       224125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27933                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          149                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         15144995                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1195445                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           9667                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    153554985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.158746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.596021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       123302704     80.30%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3247251      2.11%     82.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1435204      0.93%     83.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2143225      1.40%     84.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2130629      1.39%     86.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2238142      1.46%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2446258      1.59%     89.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1899513      1.24%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14712059      9.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    153554985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.116652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.527698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67466598                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     51679637                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         29007510                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       529084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4872156                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     174513817                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4872156                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69527188                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       18334743                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     29301797                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27474368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4044733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     169448910                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        16316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1020289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1825250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22590                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    187861623                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    420004200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    409662882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10341318                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147815312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        40046300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1043552                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1071702                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12805185                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21510397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13490490                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1343049                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       653648                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         158383271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1204797                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        150525790                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       238946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25316319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35503247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       302793                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    153554985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.980273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.632229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     96968240     63.15%     63.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18544873     12.08%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12752716      8.30%     83.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9559467      6.23%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6718761      4.38%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4728339      3.08%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2986620      1.94%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1007127      0.66%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       288842      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    153554985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         317130     37.39%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3730      0.44%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        330717     38.99%     76.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       196544     23.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2151768      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    112211858     74.55%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3109428      2.07%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20414245     13.56%     91.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12638491      8.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     150525790                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.903693                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             848121                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005634                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    448496634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    179799547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143315284                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7423283                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5118441                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3626890                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     145511771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3710372                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2361353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3726663                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        24606                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        18430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2109777                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21514                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4872156                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15575297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       171298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159588068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2880936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21510397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13490490                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1126820                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         82439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        10170                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        18430                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       982128                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1388567                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2370695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    148044460                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19897577                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2481330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32354134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15230982                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12456557                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.888796                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             147166230                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146942174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96745405                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        157555458                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.882178                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614040                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     27244245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       902004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2183228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    148756195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.888126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.839380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    104700585     70.38%     70.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14986312     10.07%     80.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9038037      6.08%     86.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7427145      4.99%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3580582      2.41%     93.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1862738      1.25%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1385722      0.93%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1380506      0.93%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4394568      2.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    148756195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66299775                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132114257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29164443                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17783731                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55400                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13877053                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        129013104                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4394568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           303417660                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          323625779                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 562538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               13012421                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180027383666                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66299775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132114257                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66299775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.512337                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.512337                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.398036                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.398036                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       291701855                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      158110823                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6335591                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3318710                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       64232952                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1016180                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572617648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687794556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053966                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71577206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54312076                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107184380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717934                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266410961                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293872                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25958074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194762                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686358.114624                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124469014.885360                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
