
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  46823                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    84099                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               24697812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549738                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              250496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        50688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            50688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    180981700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432590405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239690398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              863856554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433031824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        174801837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             174801837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        174801837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    180981700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432590405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239690398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1038658391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      813                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.300252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063594000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.300252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.518766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.518766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    141915896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141915896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    142481896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    142481896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    142481896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    142481896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43538.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43538.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170571.990385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170571.990385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168617.628402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168617.628402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168617.628402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168617.628402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       860400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  83                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10366.265060                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       400900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       400900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132086200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132086200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132487100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132487100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132487100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132487100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30838.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30838.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158757.451923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158757.451923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156789.467456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156789.467456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156789.467456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156789.467456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1326                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1336.939349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            2202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.660633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           62.054479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.508598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.358994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.088255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.876994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.941242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.814642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    889.266362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    357.029783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.087165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.326401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3959                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             444                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  444                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          902                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3582930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       935641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213029947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87556330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305104848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28861708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28861708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3582930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       935641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213029947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116418038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       333966556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3582930                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       935641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213029947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116418038                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      333966556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              444                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.658902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.458191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.111111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.844311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.658902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.793566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.475069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.658902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.793566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.475069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76232.553191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66831.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89659.068603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97069.101996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91130.480287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102346.482270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102346.482270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76232.553191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89659.068603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98326.045608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92001.806061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76232.553191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89659.068603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98326.045608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92001.806061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3326949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       857538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199846777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82609032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286640296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15700                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15700                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27294772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27294772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3326949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       857538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199846777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109903804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    313935068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3326949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       857538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199846777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109903804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    313935068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10240922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10240922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.658902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.658902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.793566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.473891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.658902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.793566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.473891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70786.148936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61252.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84110.596380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91584.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85846.150344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96789.971631                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96789.971631                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70786.148936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61252.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84110.596380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92824.158784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86698.444629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70786.148936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61252.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84110.596380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92824.158784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86698.444629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1671.875435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            8.518759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.227122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.967461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1142.271982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    482.890187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.051022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    532                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              65                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   65                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          416                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          808                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1086                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186707428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78232216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268646874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26129485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26129485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186707428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104361701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294776359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186707428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104361701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294776359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           65                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               65                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.824916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.841099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.992857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.824916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.852811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.824916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.852811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.064516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95258.891837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96822.049505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95400.168324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93990.953237                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93990.953237                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.064516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95258.891837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96097.330571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95273.548481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.064516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95258.891837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96097.330571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95273.548481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159161952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66957725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229284222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22156343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22156343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159161952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89114068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251440565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159161952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89114068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251440565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.824916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.824916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.850331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.824916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.918782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.850331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81205.077551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82868.471535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81683.014606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79699.075540                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79699.075540                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81205.077551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82057.152855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81504.235008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81205.077551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82057.152855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81504.235008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3096                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.079188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.842377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066972300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.789714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.289474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.854081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294336158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294336158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294336158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294336158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294336158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294336158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69028.179644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68995.817628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69028.179644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68995.817628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69028.179644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68995.817628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230320684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230320684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230320684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230320684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230320684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230320684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63871.515252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63871.515252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63871.515252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63871.515252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63871.515252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63871.515252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.595709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.806818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.265586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2133523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2133523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2133523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2133523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2133523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2133523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.297214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.303681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.297214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.303681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.297214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.303681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22224.197917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.737374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22224.197917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.737374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22224.197917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.737374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1826556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1826556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1826556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1826556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1826556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1826556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.297214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.297214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.297214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19026.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19026.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19026.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19026.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19026.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19026.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2426                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.672666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.107585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.735920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.936747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2442                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2442                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30323100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30323100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30323100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30323100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30323100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30323100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.875897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.875897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.875897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12432.595326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12417.321867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12432.595326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12417.321867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12432.595326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12417.321867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22793152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22793152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22793152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22793152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22793152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22793152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9345.285773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9345.285773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9345.285773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9345.285773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9345.285773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9345.285773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   982                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               404.684684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   23636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.069246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.410502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   404.274182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.790400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20735                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20735                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2347                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2699                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2700                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    203972242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203972242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32155920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32155920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    236128162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    236128162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    236128162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    236128162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86944.689685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86907.644653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91093.257790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91093.257790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87487.277510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87454.874815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87487.277510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87454.874815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          444                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              444                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93546523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93546523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29899638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29899638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123446161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123446161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123446161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123446161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7333903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7333903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10657756                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10657756                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80713.134599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80713.134599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87425.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87425.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82242.612258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82242.612258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82242.612258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82242.612258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  826526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49011                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7357                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35457                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21652                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196237                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228365                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          455                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             28                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.960457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.437252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385113     84.96%     84.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3053      0.67%     85.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2736      0.60%     86.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3857      0.85%     87.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6207      1.37%     88.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4068      0.90%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6368      1.40%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3337      0.74%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38569      8.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.276295                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          191542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63891                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        418768                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          196868                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106068                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57439                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398187                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          154                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       436737                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       996662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          151873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1339                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1343                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2265                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1132                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368460                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2138                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334760                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108454                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154573                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          986                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.738482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.508278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       331141     73.05%     73.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39607      8.74%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25996      5.73%     87.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19797      4.37%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14894      3.29%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10737      2.37%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7966      1.76%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2647      0.58%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          523      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            882     50.63%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           433     24.86%     75.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          427     24.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4098      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259157     77.42%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44716     13.36%     92.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26779      8.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334760                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.405021                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1742                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005204                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1127078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       479149                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16212                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9392                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          905                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1748                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6625                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324663                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42481                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68149                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33791                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25668                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.392804                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320087                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319317                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208249                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339537                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.386336                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613332                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7415                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.584628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.549833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       348210     80.36%     80.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30391      7.01%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16346      3.77%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13239      3.06%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8176      1.89%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3448      0.80%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2320      0.54%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2838      0.65%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8350      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133929                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54310                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33177                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27953                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              795340                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761534                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2352                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 373218                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1638                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.171374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.171374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162038                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162038                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644418                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348208                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139708                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003930678700                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975433457109                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25420                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49017                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3692167788                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4578396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5417.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137726240                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265571781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        11968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       464768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1441728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3590208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       464768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         464768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1835264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1835264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28847                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.966895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.063567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.903327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34799                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50903                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    644992031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656379031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927892920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1186573000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4114465920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939279920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1831565031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4770844951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939279920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1831565031                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4770844951                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43796.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40708.913848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40758.757514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175955.103365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65343.521119                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118235.176873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173921.888757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53864.806958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93724.239259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173921.888757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53864.806958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93724.239259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21577900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1883                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11459.320234                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8086400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    447899800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455986200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727346392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    961800000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3689146392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735432792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409699800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4145132592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735432792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409699800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4145132592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31101.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28269.363797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28315.089419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163903.028365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52965.471667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106013.000144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161859.928521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41458.100756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81431.990099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161859.928521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41458.100756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81431.990099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        511478                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3128.590102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4566086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        514636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          8.872457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          416.202072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.329068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.653104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2152.336496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    533.069334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.101612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.525473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.130144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.763816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       730064                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3353633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       249552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4353405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          252775                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               252775                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21360                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               21360                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        73987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                73987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       730064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3353633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       323539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4427392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       730064                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3353633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       323539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4427392                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3925                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       340058                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       126081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               470754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              36330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       340058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       162411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                507084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3925                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          690                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       340058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       162411                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               507084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     98906588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20762930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7840708071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4183713696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    12144091285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335582980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    335582980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2061088596                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2061088596                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     98906588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20762930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7840708071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6244802292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     14205179881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     98906588                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20762930                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7840708071                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6244802292                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    14205179881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3693691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       375633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4824159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       252775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           252775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33722                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           33722                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       110317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           110317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3693691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       485950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4934476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3693691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       485950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4934476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.097583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366586                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.366586                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.329324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.102763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.102763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25199.130701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30091.202899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23056.972843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33182.745188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25797.106950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27146.333927                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27146.333927                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56732.413873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56732.413873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25199.130701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30091.202899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23056.972843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38450.611670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28013.464990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25199.130701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30091.202899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23056.972843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38450.611670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28013.464990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               72778                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    72778                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       340057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       126070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          470734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12362                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        12362                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       340057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       162400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           507064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       340057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       162400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          507064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77779777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16935255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5895962539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3480981250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9471658821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    752162606                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752162606                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1857483034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857483034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77779777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16935255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5895962539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5338464284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11329141855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77779777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16935255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5895962539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5338464284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11329141855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3382488869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3382488869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4930588820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4930588820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8313077689                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8313077689                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366586                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366586                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.102759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19826.606424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24759.144737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17338.159600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27611.495598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20121.042502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60844.734347                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60844.734347                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51128.076906                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51128.076906                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19826.606424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24759.144737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17338.159600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32872.317020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22342.627075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19826.606424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24759.144737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17338.159600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32872.317020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22342.627075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6591                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29876.296024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          493204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         37058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         13.308975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10285.460979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.155698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   152.787213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    52.367244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8745.567341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10631.957549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.313887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.324462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.911752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          611                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       332794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        97710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 434851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           72778                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                72778                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          292                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 292                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        19263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                19263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       332794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       116973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  454114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          611                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       332794                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       116973                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 454114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35884                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16217                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16217                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48804                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17549347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6821337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    680072907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1695182510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2399626101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264236304                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    264236304                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1113630154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1113630154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17549347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6821337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    680072907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2808812664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3513256255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17549347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6821337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    680072907                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2808812664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3513256255                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       340057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       126071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             470735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        72778                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            72778                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16509                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16509                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            32183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       340057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       158254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              502918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       340057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       158254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             502918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.076230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982313                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.982313                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.401454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.097042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.097042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93846.775401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93442.972603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93635.261875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59771.605726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66871.756242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16293.784547                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16293.784547                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86194.284365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86194.284365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93846.775401                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93442.972603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93635.261875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68041.294155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71987.055467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93846.775401                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93442.972603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93635.261875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68041.294155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71987.055467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16217                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16217                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14931025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5799588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    577756493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1296021658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1894508764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    863367187                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863367187                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    928398395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    928398395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14931025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5799588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    577756493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224420053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822907159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14931025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5799588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    577756493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224420053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822907159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3014523825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3014523825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4380836563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4380836563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7395360388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7395360388                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982313                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982313                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.097042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.106725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79845.053476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79446.410959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79547.913121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45697.318783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52795.361833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53238.403342                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53238.403342                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71857.460913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71857.460913                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79845.053476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79446.410959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79547.913121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53884.839345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57841.717052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79845.053476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79446.410959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79547.913121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53884.839345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57841.717052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297436                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374741                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4294                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3618                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3613                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268818                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7912                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672177                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118951                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149867                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7709                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3693693                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9851663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3694205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.666788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9844233                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9844233                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9844233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9844233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9844233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9844233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3845494                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3845494                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3845494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3845494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3845494                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3845494                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48800831703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48800831703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48800831703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48800831703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48800831703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48800831703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13689727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13689727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13689727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13689727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13689727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13689727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.280904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.280904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.280904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12690.393407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12690.393407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12690.393407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12690.393407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12690.393407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12690.393407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        90459                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 45229.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       151798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       151798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       151798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3693696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3693696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3693696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3693696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3693696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3693696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33916956430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33916956430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33916956430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33916956430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33916956430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33916956430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9182.389788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9182.389788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9182.389788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9182.389788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9182.389788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9182.389788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        20901                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         76690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        20917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.666396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972587450300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        76326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        76326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76326                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        76326                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        21106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        21106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        21106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    384813319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    384813319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    384813319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    384813319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    384813319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    384813319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        97432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        97432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.216623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.216623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.216623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18232.413484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18232.413484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18232.413484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18232.413484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18232.413484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18232.413484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           50                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    319755924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319755924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    319755924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    319755924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    319755924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    319755924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15150.001137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15150.001137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15150.001137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15150.001137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15150.001137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15150.001137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       734427                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         47755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       734443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.065022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       734663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       734663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734663                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       734663                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11031847683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11031847683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11031847683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11031847683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11031847683                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11031847683                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       781974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       781974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       781974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       781974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       781974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       781974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.939498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.939498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.939498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15016.201555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.201555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15016.201555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.201555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15016.201555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.201555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          180                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          180                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       734663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       734663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       734663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8788205829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8788205829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8788205829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8788205829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8788205829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8788205829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11962.227346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11962.227346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11962.227346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11962.227346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11962.227346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11962.227346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                477328                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.988327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29194891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                477840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 61.097629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.988327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18281994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18281994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10847478                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10847478                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29129472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29129472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29129472                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29129472                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       593594                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       593594                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       144398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       144398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       737992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        737992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       737992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       737992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16508850632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16508850632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4695296605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4695296605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21204147237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21204147237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21204147237                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21204147237                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18875588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18875588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10991876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10991876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29867464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29867464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29867464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29867464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27811.687167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27811.687167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32516.354832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32516.354832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28732.218286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28732.218286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28732.218286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28732.218286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       252545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           252545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       217522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       217522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       218482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       218482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       218482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       218482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       376072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       376072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       143438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       519510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       519510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       519510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       519510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8224871358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8224871358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4162292505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4162292505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12387163863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12387163863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12387163863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12387163863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3529308010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3529308010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5130088228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5130088228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8659396238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8659396238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21870.469905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21870.469905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29018.060103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29018.060103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23843.937293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23843.937293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23843.937293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23843.937293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               228983116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17374688                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17374688                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2387693                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14943518                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         8984265                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    114278571                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              82753343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17374688                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8984265                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27722217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7923630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            350322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49221208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       116905                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13689728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1649205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          15019                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    197239782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.820990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.263284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       170320294     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2578937      1.31%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1262812      0.64%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2008677      1.02%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1669677      0.85%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1921106      0.97%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1937354      0.98%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1434542      0.73%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14106383      7.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    197239782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075878                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.361395                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       112783844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     52820710                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         25772391                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       472766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5390071                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     158381332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          295                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5390071                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114339921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7303584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     42859115                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24697741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2649350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     153424597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        15771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        165186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1314704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6031                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    168816504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    382802133                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    379993549                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2808584                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129825407                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        38991201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1018585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1040300                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10073323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22561196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13618999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1653666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       999148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         146250816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1298173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        138531729                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       306131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27496532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38653663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       336431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    197239782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.702352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.452963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144346559     73.18%     73.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18301706      9.28%     82.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12244462      6.21%     88.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7930432      4.02%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6027289      3.06%     95.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4244231      2.15%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2664449      1.35%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1212434      0.61%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       268220      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    197239782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         283118     34.38%     34.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27346      3.32%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        299050     36.32%     74.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       213865     25.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1219990      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102433540     73.94%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       753868      0.54%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21408871     15.45%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12715460      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     138531729                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.604987                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             823379                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005944                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    473792774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173648197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133619441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1890182                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1419723                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       857697                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     137182575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         952543                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1870069                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4647588                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        31686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        23125                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2590309                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        45324                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5390071                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5921216                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73840                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147548989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1349437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22561196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13618999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1171784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         25799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6602                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        23125                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       949183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1727277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2676460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    136081793                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20812124                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2449936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33242600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13766748                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12430476                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.594287                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             134714647                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            134477138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         86606253                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        134364068                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.587280                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644564                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30614475                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961742                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2395388                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    191951876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.608230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.536057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    151402100     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14633609      7.62%     86.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7387146      3.85%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7503928      3.91%     94.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3759453      1.96%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1584052      0.83%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258754      0.66%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1062019      0.55%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3360815      1.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    191951876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60614413                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116750934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28942312                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17913619                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12209527                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693777                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115612685                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3360815                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           335682960                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          300135650                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1636680                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               31743334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59841497892                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60614413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116750934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60614413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.777701                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.777701                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.264711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.264711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       267895650                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      145783653                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1518858                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          809430                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       62681855                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        980426                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588181                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811230480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138362782                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950510403                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811230480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811230480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92054647                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95526931                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101403810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21723193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123187249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13518685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13583040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40553554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6916780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47516182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40553554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40553554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4601828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4775408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40553554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11518608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52291590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374741                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297436                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3618                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4294                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2714                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4289                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268818                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7912                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672177                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149867                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118951                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6807                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072389900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76030254                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146896062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145668102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               484794                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9958573                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145668102                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      484794                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372674723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164805936                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             808286                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            395129                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35296088                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21743481                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13552607                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900634894.582069                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171755005.417928                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002859                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997141                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
