
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58916                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   105050                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32049175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536843                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        957208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              306432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465264066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1049309632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465264066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         465483220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277229884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465264066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1326539516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1285                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.729048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613527000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.729048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    227023840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    227023840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    227895840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    227895840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    227895840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    227895840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41523.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41523.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177362.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177362.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175169.746349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175169.746349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175169.746349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175169.746349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1115100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10137.272727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       606700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       606700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    211610000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211610000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    212216700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212216700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    212216700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212216700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28890.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28890.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165320.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165320.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163118.139892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163118.139892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163118.139892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163118.139892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           810                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1642.844454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.916049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           64.577475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        4.243095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.596804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.140122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.305246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1076.921332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    455.060404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.007883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.055549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.200543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2491                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1450                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2491                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1450                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1012                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3772                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8078972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3020007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226984781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105117042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      343200802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32667109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32667109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8078972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3020007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226984781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137784151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       375867911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8078972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3020007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226984781                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137784151                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      375867911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.445561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.821990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.463220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.463220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102265.468354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91515.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97753.996985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103870.594862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99248.352227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104367.760383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104035.378981                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102265.468354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91515.363636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97753.996985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103988.038491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99646.848091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102265.468354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91515.363636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97753.996985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103988.038491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99646.848091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  41                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       41                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7645908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2839650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214133492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99561763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324180813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30930209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30930209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7645908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2839650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214133492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130491972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355111022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7645908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2839650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214133492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130491972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355111022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7067829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7067829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10251749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10251749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.781467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.461623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96783.645570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92219.419466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98381.188735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94074.524956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98818.559105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98818.559105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96783.645570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92219.419466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98484.507170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94469.545624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96783.645570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92219.419466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98484.507170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94469.545624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1799.979660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            4.483061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.789797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.232322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.058427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    539.416188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    262                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              41                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   41                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7255608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2645550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203823877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95469408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309194443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29696532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29696532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7255608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2645550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203823877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125165940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338890975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7255608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2645550                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203823877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125165940                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338890975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           41                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               41                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.787879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.914298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.924234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.787879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.914298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.930504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.787879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.914298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.930504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105153.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101751.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96007.478568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98829.614907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96744.193680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95487.241158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95181.192308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105153.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101751.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96007.478568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98015.614722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96605.181015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105153.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101751.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96007.478568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98015.614722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96605.181015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6298536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2284488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174007315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81989226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264579565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25278090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25278090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6298536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2284488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174007315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107267316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289857655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6298536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2284488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174007315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107267316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289857655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6325958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6325958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9159958                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9159958                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.914298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.920763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.914298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.927056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.914298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91283.130435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87864.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81962.936882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84874.975155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83096.597048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81280.032154                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81280.032154                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91283.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87864.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81962.936882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83999.464370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82934.951359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 91283.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87864.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81962.936882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83999.464370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82934.951359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3261                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.722754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.754676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616730300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.424691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26093                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314857824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314857824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314857824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    314857824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314857824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    314857824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70265.080116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70249.402945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70265.080116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70249.402945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70265.080116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70249.402945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245996336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245996336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245996336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245996336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245996336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245996336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65216.419936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65216.419936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65216.419936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65216.419936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65216.419936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65216.419936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           99                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.024914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           99                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.282828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598747352300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.890406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.689057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          357                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          357                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4321790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4321790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4321790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4321790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4321790                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4321790                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38587.410714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37580.782609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38587.410714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37580.782609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38587.410714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37580.782609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3958467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3958467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3958467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3958467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3958467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3958467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35343.455357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35343.455357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35343.455357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35343.455357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35343.455357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35343.455357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2561                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.269816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618780300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.101361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36257193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36257193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36257193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36257193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36257193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36257193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.756455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.756455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.756455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14102.369895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14064.077967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14102.369895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14064.077967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14102.369895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14064.077967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28297522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28297522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28297522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28297522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28297522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28297522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11006.426293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11006.426293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11006.426293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11006.426293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11006.426293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11006.426293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1166                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.167873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.954545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701297300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.666373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17419                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17420                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2418                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2812                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2814                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216525597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216525597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36667460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36667460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253193057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253193057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253193057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253193057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89584.442284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89547.393300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92829.012658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92594.595960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90040.205192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89976.210732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90040.205192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89976.210732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111974467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111974467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34280213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34280213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146254680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146254680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146254680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146254680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7335431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7335431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10659304                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10659304                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021610                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86466.769884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86466.769884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89039.514286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89039.514286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87056.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87056.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87056.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87056.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44358                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44358                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6891                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32305                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17969                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          301                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30574                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4105                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             64                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       448580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.883524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.358162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386941     86.26%     86.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2745      0.61%     86.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2483      0.55%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3299      0.74%     88.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5161      1.15%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3689      0.82%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5838      1.30%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2786      0.62%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35638      7.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       448580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20460                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        380619                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20460                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200494                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54097                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361839                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       399577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       903933                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1079                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1075                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36993                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47897                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1416                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336260                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298742                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1711                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111143                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          895                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       448580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.665973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.436291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       337702     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36981      8.24%     83.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23537      5.25%     88.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18157      4.05%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13112      2.92%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9937      2.22%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6481      1.44%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2187      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          486      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       448580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            720     47.81%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           396     26.29%     74.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          390     25.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3255      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230110     77.03%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41990     14.06%     92.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23377      7.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298742                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340663                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1506                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005041                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1050303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18196                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9612                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20460                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47897                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1383                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1484                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6534                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8018                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290007                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39843                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62151                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29738                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22308                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330702                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285609                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187606                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           298395                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324825                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628717                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120595                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       428208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.437358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       353388     82.53%     82.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27734      6.48%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13883      3.24%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11753      2.74%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6929      1.62%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3466      0.81%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2026      0.47%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2822      0.66%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6207      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       428208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118166                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47562                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29700                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24108                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215407                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              759824                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696656                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 428363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118166                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.421280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.421280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562769                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311585                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127125                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.051114                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2051114274225                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9650177427735                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20924                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21405313                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5020148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95822.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004969541                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3486564383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1482624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4314880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       852160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61819392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    318244160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           386714496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61819392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61819392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    176954752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        176954752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       965928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4972565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              6042414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2764918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2764918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       722838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2103676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30139419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    155156718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              188538738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30139419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30139419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         86272498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              86272498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         86272498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       722838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2103676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30139419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    155156718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             274811236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23556                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.989040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.010321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23192                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       676546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16037546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4144644104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1930000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4146574104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4160005104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2606546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4162611650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4160005104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2606546                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4162611650                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42433.701657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48324.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42653.047872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178895.204765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 80416.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178793.295274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176795.797025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68593.315789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176621.336134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176795.797025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68593.315789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176621.336134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28859100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2727                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10582.728273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10875400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11379200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3865482456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1636100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3867118556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3876357856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2139900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3878497756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3876357856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2139900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3878497756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30042.541436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30263.829787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166845.755180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 68170.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166743.642463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164741.090353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56313.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164566.265954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164741.090353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56313.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164566.265954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          362                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1482752                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          362                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      21391346                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      5134.169732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        86266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      21395343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.032007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1313.566015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.001060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.847214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    44.556089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1003.762529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   2627.436705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.160347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.122530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.320732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.626730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30208875                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2230223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10194205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19581811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               62215114                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        28596245                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             28596245                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1022990                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1022990                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14074030                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             14074030                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30208875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2230223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10194205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     33655841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                76289144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30208875                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2230223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10194205                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     33655841                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               76289144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       744096                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5014240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10840651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16847488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12448                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12448                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4165902                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4165902                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       744096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5014240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15006553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              21013390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       744096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248501                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5014240                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15006553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             21013390                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21386277708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6480512842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 186460749038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 464732459512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   679059999100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94142462                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     94142462                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 262340976932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 262340976932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21386277708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6480512842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 186460749038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 727073436444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    941400976032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21386277708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6480512842                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 186460749038                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 727073436444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   941400976032                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30952971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15208445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30422462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           79062602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     28596245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         28596245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1035438                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1035438                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18239932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18239932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30952971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15208445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48662394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            97302534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30952971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15208445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48662394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           97302534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.329701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.213090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.012022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.228395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.329701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.215959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.329701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.215959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28741.288366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26078.417560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37186.243386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42869.423572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40306.305551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7562.858451                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7562.858451                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62973.391340                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62973.391340                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28741.288366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26078.417560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37186.243386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48450.396067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44800.052539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28741.288366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26078.417560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37186.243386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48450.396067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44800.052539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7518029                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7518029                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       743939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5014234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10840608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16847083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12448                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        12448                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4165902                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4165902                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       743939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5014234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15006510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         21012985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       743939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5014234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15006510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        21012985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17349326956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5098404318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158066810538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404131966956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 584646508768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    729062937                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    729062937                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 239162517641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 239162517641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17349326956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5098404318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158066810538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 643294484597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 823809026409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17349326956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5098404318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 158066810538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 643294484597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 823809026409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     94400781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     94400781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    221058236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    221058236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    315459017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    315459017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.329701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012022                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012022                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.329701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.215955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.329701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23320.899907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20533.077937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31523.620664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37279.455816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34703.129840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58568.680672                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58568.680672                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57409.540033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57409.540033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23320.899907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20533.077937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31523.620664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42867.694394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39204.759648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23320.899907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20533.077937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31523.620664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42867.694394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39204.759648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5997522                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32188.888450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        18340090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       6029930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.041510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7794469970507                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11456.549108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.087607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.101118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   500.726964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   129.615931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6284.740611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13817.059033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.349626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.191795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.421663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676519                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       234987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4048305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8029788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12989599                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7518029                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7518029                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2003949                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2003949                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       234987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4048305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10033737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14993548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676519                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       234987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4048305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10033737                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14993548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67420                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       965929                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2810820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3857484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6736                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6736                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2161908                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2161908                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       965929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4972728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               6019392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67420                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       965929                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4972728                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              6019392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6286414996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1260697214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90253546935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 263044656358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   360845315503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55885092                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     55885092                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 200694420711                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 200694420711                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6286414996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1260697214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90253546935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 463739077069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    561539736214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6286414996                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1260697214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90253546935                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 463739077069                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   561539736214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       743939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5014234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10840608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16847083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7518029                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7518029                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12493                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           12493                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4165857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4165857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       743939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5014234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15006465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            21012940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       743939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5014234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15006465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           21012940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.090626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.228970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.539182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.518959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.090626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.286461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.090626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.286461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93242.583744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.479459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.040336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93582.889106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93544.215738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8296.480404                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8296.480404                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92832.081990                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92832.081990                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93242.583744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.479459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.040336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93256.473523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93288.447772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93242.583744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.479459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.040336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93256.473523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93288.447772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2741734                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2741734                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       965929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2810820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3857484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6736                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6736                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2161908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2161908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       965929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4972728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          6019392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       965929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4972728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         6019392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5340827012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1074596215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76633949176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 223452081312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 306501453715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    528120529                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    528120529                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 169701095299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 169701095299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5340827012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1074596215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76633949176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 393153176611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 476202549014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5340827012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1074596215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76633949176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 393153176611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 476202549014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     84299725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     84299725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    193951298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    193951298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    278251023                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    278251023                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.090626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.539182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.090626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.090626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79217.250252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80705.686444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.041518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79497.115188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79456.312383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78402.691360                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78402.691360                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78495.983779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78495.983779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79217.250252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80705.686444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.041518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79061.870388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79111.403446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79217.250252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80705.686444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79337.041518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79061.870388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79111.403446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3183                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      905                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2278                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15208561                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               481449728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15209073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.655429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481441588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      481441588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481441588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       481441588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481441588                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      481441588                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16399920                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16399920                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16399920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16399920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16399920                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16399920                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 407319074873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 407319074873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 407319074873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 407319074873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 407319074873                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 407319074873                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    497841508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    497841508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    497841508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    497841508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    497841508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    497841508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24836.650110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24836.650110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24836.650110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24836.650110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24836.650110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24836.650110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9701696                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            240                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40423.733333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1191270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1191270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1191270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1191270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1191270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1191270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15208650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15208650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15208650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15208650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15208650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15208650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313957767289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 313957767289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313957767289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 313957767289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313957767289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 313957767289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20643.368563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20643.368563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20643.368563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20643.368563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20643.368563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20643.368563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2479402                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8712127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2479418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.513779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8711938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8711938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8711938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8711938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8711938                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8711938                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2479606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2479606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2479606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2479606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2479606                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2479606                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39748983117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39748983117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39748983117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39748983117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39748983117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39748983117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11191544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11191544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11191544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11191544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11191544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11191544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16030.362532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16030.362532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16030.362532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16030.362532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16030.362532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16030.362532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2479606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2479606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2479606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2479606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2479606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2479606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31890116128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31890116128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31890116128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31890116128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31890116128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31890116128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12860.961027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12860.961027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12860.961027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12860.961027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12860.961027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12860.961027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30976647                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      60807329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30976663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.963005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60806741                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     60806741                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60806741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     60806741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60806741                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     60806741                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30984587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30984587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30984587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30984587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30984587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30984587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 397823628707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 397823628707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 397823628707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 397823628707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 397823628707                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 397823628707                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91791328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91791328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91791328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     91791328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91791328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     91791328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.337555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.337555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.337555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12839.403950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12839.403950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12839.403950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12839.403950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12839.403950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12839.403950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       431640                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       431640                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30984587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30984587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30984587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30984587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30984587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30984587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300858699778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 300858699778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300858699778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 300858699778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300858699778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 300858699778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9709.947071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9709.947071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9709.947071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9709.947071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9709.947071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9709.947071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              48662577                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               976169183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              48663089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.059746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    727741956                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      727741956                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    247201849                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     247201849                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    974943805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       974943805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    974943805                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      974943805                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47372753                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47372753                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19300256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19300256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66673009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66673009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66673009                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66673009                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1476001578464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1476001578464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 535682669810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 535682669810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2011684248274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2011684248274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2011684248274                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2011684248274                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    775114709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    775114709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    266502105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    266502105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1041616814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1041616814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1041616814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1041616814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072421                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31157.183929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31157.183929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27755.210595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27755.210595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30172.393273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30172.393273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30172.393273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30172.393273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     28161297                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         28161297                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16945505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16945505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16983189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     16983189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16983189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     16983189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30427248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30427248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19262572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19262572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49689820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     49689820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49689820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     49689820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 713150910630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 713150910630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 462882040954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 462882040954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1176032951584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1176032951584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1176032951584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1176032951584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     98404894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98404894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    231328625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    231328625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    329733519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    329733519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23437.903771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23437.903771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24030.126452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24030.126452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23667.482627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23667.482627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23667.482627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23667.482627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6159502325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       585373433                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    585373433                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     62627719                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    422049199                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       340242761                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1923700304                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3231614506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          585373433                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    340242761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            955551438                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      323370355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          82159202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2141225652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        96354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1680960                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2737                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        497841728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30493860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1160012                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5363957012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.055912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.502918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4424195582     82.48%     82.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59307638      1.11%     83.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57234685      1.07%     84.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84282957      1.57%     86.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64512714      1.20%     87.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77900541      1.45%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58522875      1.09%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65449377      1.22%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       472550643      8.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5363957012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095036                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.524655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1988781864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2197761627                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        878513526                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39359630                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     259540365                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5530030020                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2092                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     259540365                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2074773169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1794135235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     34459860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        824172269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    376876114                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5373086227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2822352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      55012417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    303841310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1816737                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6026160339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13536146984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13490596142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45550842                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3948139505                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2078020735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1667501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1665698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        788740495                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1049484538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    406400240                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     65009666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40686091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5139345744                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3260985                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4515072573                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9603481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1598907004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2371663533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1380883                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5363957012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.841743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.474868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3505150343     65.35%     65.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    692882861     12.92%     78.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    463065114      8.63%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    280953793      5.24%     92.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    193133679      3.60%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    127248207      2.37%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71140416      1.33%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25480934      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4901665      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5363957012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6309872     31.84%     31.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        24906      0.13%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8778588     44.30%     76.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4702435     23.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31300778      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3238049815     71.72%     72.41% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.41% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.41% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7074764      0.16%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    897719122     19.88%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    340928094      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4515072573                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.733026                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19815801                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004389                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14420245861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6718805295                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4371098482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27648714                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23456617                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12866998                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4489807084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13780512                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     99778799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    344602082                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       859373                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       785583                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    139901577                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       221738                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4247                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     259540365                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1280803857                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     26251183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5142606729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30555563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1049484538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    406400240                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2836842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8212130                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3126454                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       785583                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42797281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24420738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67218019                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4444824529                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    875188557                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     70248046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1209911641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       428333648                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         334723084                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.721621                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4397414205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4383965480                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3060219586                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4728133647                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.711740                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647236                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1667810630                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1880102                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62820630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5104745138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.681116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.722525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4007098802     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    390290541      7.65%     86.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168794449      3.31%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    206207886      4.04%     93.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76116905      1.49%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44798515      0.88%     95.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33179211      0.65%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23183249      0.45%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155075580      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5104745138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759235                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3476925941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             971381102                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            704882442                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         365095048                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10327797                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3455169268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155075580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10093952533                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10550063470                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               15654727                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              795545313                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3476925941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.080122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.080122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.324662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.324662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8649515633                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4884239836                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12228687                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9348297                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2142944123                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1583199                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43517248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7370763                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51004147                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43517248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43517248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5286287                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6519639                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5439656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1131107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6585204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          710188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             729471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        36741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           21216394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3593541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24866556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21216394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         21216394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       601086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               222                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2577276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3178584                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       602260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        36741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          21216394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6170817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             28045140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3183                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2278                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     905                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6157347526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4134138                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7731313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7698671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       578857                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7698671                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19805636                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8858516                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1844815                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1132903                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   711912                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6148312086.532277                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9035439.467723                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001467                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998533                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
