
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59468                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   106041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32367235                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536542                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        78400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              302912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    268463722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1037256159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467236453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    268463722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1300460183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1221                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.722474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613647000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.722474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1226                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1226                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1246                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215158840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    215158840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216023840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    216023840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216023840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    216023840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175496.606852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175496.606852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       906100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8312.844037                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       612400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       612400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200506376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200506376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201118776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201118776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201118776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201118776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163545.168026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163545.168026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1623                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1429.359007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.623537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           66.110229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.629209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.214871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.959022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.093121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.177786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    933.308026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    388.866745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.227858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.348965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             539                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  539                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7845987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3273166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233030784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105365344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349515281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32716013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32716013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7845987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3273166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233030784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138081357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       382231294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7845987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3273166                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233030784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138081357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      382231294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          539                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              539                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.804954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.480878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.827225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.497064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.497064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88157.157303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83927.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90779.425010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101312.830769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93278.697892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103860.358730                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103531.686709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88157.157303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83927.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90779.425010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101905.060517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94076.124539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88157.157303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83927.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90779.425010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101905.060517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94076.124539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  83                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       83                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3059299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218785170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99659923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328864129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30968100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30968100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3059299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218785170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130628023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359832229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3059299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218785170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130628023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359832229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3189669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3189669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10247318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10247318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.804954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.495473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82693.674157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78443.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85229.906506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95826.849038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88049.298260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98311.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98311.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82693.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78443.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85229.906506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96404.445018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88847.463951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82693.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78443.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85229.906506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96404.445018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88847.463951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1802.126238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            7.874375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.385078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.182333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.116957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.567632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          436                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              83                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   83                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          436                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6787437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2771399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204665967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94955915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309180718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29699694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29699694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6787437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2771399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204665967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124655609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338880412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6787437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2771399                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204665967                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124655609                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338880412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           83                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               83                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.852949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.993631                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.863827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.863827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101305.029851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106592.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96042.218207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98912.411458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96739.899249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95497.408360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95191.326923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101305.029851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106592.269231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96042.218207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98076.797010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96602.169897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101305.029851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106592.269231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96042.218207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98076.797010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96602.169897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5856005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2410815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174736828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81564621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264568269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25280249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25280249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5856005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2410815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174736828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106844870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289848518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5856005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2410815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174736828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106844870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289848518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2841289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2841289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9157789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9157789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87403.059701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92723.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81997.572970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84963.146875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83093.049309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81286.974277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81286.974277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87403.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92723.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81997.572970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84063.627065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82932.337053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87403.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92723.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81997.572970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84063.627065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82932.337053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3268                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.697976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.725214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616869300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.399680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25922                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25913                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4509                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319923743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319923743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319923743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319923743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319923743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319923743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70952.260590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70936.528381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70952.260590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70936.528381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70952.260590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70936.528381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    250172077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250172077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    250172077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250172077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    250172077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250172077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66200.602540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66200.602540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           97                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.006772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           97                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.402062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748973300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.872263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.687923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4462965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4462965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4462965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4462965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4462965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4462965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.203604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.203604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.203604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40572.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.265487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40572.409091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.265487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40572.409091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.265487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4102368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4102368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4102368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4102368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4102368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4102368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37294.254545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37294.254545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2590                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.260618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618933300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.817360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.099683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2607                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35811497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35811497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35811497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35811497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35811497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35811497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13773.652692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.669352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13773.652692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.669352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13773.652692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.669352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27771597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27771597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27771597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27771597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27771597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27771597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10681.383462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10681.383462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1162                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.134835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.470740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701669300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.633102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17404                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17405                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2413                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          399                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2812                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2814                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215462182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215462182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36604827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36604827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252067009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252067009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252067009                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252067009                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89292.242851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89255.253521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91741.421053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91512.067500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89639.761380                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89576.051528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89639.761380                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89576.051528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          539                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              539                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111590595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111590595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34191887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34191887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145782482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145782482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145782482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145782482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3329747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3329747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10656701                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10656701                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021850                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021848                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86370.429567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86370.429567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87896.881748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87896.881748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44293                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32306                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17891                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       197410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212843                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44293                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          476                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30422                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             61                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       447346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.883909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.359257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385891     86.26%     86.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2747      0.61%     86.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2469      0.55%     87.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3303      0.74%     88.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5033      1.13%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3705      0.83%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5814      1.30%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2794      0.62%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35590      7.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       447346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       172111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51038                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54057                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13505                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       903205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       903047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1058                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36378                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335762                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297854                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1764                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111857                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          900                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       447346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.665825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       336954     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36758      8.22%     83.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23394      5.23%     88.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18178      4.06%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12943      2.89%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9906      2.21%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6521      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2190      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          502      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       447346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            723     47.85%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           400     26.47%     74.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          388     25.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3263      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229635     77.10%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41601     13.97%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23345      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297854                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339650                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1511                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005073                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1047352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283862                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5138                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18026                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9665                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1394                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1448                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8007                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289071                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39426                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29641                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22266                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329635                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186858                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297261                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323715                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628599                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120565                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       426958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.437154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       352257     82.50%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27635      6.47%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13922      3.26%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11786      2.76%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6918      1.62%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3428      0.80%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2013      0.47%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2810      0.66%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6189      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       426958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117865                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47372                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29521                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24045                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214943                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              758100                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             695674                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 429597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.440232                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.440232                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560392                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310151                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126514                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.098545                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2098545216138                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9697608369648                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21036                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36571                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21986010                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5014864                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95449.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007909599                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3490703652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1482752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4187008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       824192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60263744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    311872320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           378633728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60263744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60263744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    175473920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        175473920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       941621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4873005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5916152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2741780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2741780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       706562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1995196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28716915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    148613581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              180426767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28716915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28716915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         83616936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              83616936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         83616936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       706562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1995196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       392744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28716915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    148613581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             264043702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23602                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.844046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.144774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.990253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.009048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             404                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23239                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23643                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2033432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17416432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4147752104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5474000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4153226104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4163135104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7507432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4170642536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4163135104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7507432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4170642536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.971154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42494.475138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48415.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43109.980198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179029.355318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77098.591549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178717.935539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176928.818700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66437.451327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176400.733240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176928.818700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66437.451327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176400.733240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     27628100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2588                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10675.463679                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10862300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1511400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12373700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3868595320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4602900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3873198220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3879457620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6114300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3885571920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3879457620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6114300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3885571920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30006.353591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30627.970297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166980.115677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 64829.577465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166668.024442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164872.827029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54108.849558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164343.438650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164872.827029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54108.849558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164343.438650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          362                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1482752                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          362                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29261879                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2829.998630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        77527796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29263673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.649285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          673.699568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   105.233030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.377847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    574.770231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1444.917864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.164477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.140325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.352763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.690918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29517616                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014966                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8029289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15846666                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               55408537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        27935918                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             27935918                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1557544                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1557544                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13024862                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             13024862                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29517616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8029289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28871528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                68433399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29517616                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2014966                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8029289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28871528                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               68433399                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1285129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7087027                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14634607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23443113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17940                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17940                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5114409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5114409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1285129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7087027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19749016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28557522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1285129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7087027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19749016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28557522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33189010906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10630229083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230352343504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 544516987058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   818688570551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91286759                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     91286759                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 282451527367                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 282451527367                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33189010906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10630229083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230352343504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 826968514425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1101140097918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33189010906                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10630229083                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230352343504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 826968514425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1101140097918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30802745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2451316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15116316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30481273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           78851650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     27935918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         27935918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1575484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1575484                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18139271                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18139271                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30802745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2451316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15116316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48620544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            96990921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30802745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2451316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15116316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48620544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           96990921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.297307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011387                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.011387                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.281952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.281952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.294435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.294435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25825.431459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24361.702952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32503.381672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37207.489553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34922.348860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5088.448105                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5088.448105                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55226.620978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55226.620978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25825.431459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24361.702952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32503.381672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41873.909790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38558.671089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25825.431459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24361.702952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32503.381672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41873.909790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38558.671089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            10144824                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 10144824                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1284792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7087019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14634562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23442375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17940                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17940                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5114409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5114409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1284792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7087019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19748971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28556784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1284792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7087019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19748971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28556784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26227938262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8206241771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190220325709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 462743772125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 687398277867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    798327225                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    798327225                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 254099980014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 254099980014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26227938262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8206241771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190220325709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 716843752139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 941498257881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26227938262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8206241771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 190220325709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 716843752139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 941498257881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     98217468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98217468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    228706013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    228706013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    326923481                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    326923481                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011387                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011387                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.281952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.294427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20414.151288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18821.569101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26840.668229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31619.926317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29322.894027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44499.845318                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44499.845318                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49683.155965                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49683.155965                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20414.151288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18821.569101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26840.668229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36297.777344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32969.337790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20414.151288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18821.569101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26840.668229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36297.777344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32969.337790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5866367                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32337.542932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        27695338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5898748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.695121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7979211866887                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11840.607057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.107840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.673816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   506.812973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.357325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6389.062494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13469.913994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.361347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.194979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.411069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1219370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       423124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6145397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11916971                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               19704862                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10144824                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             10144824                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11510                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11510                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2958742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2958742                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1219370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       423124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6145397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14875713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22663604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1219370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       423124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6145397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14875713                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22663604                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65422                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12878                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941622                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2717591                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3737513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6468                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6468                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2155629                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2155629                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4873220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5893142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65422                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12878                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4873220                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5893142                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6100291969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1219647365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87987451647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 254276716734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   349584107715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56248379                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     56248379                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 200115221615                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 200115221615                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6100291969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1219647365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87987451647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 454391938349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    549699329330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6100291969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1219647365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87987451647                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 454391938349                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   549699329330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1284792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7087019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14634562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23442375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10144824                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         10144824                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17978                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17978                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5114371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5114371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1284792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7087019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19748933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28556746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1284792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       436002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7087019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19748933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28556746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.050920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.159434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359773                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.359773                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.421485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.050920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.206366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.050920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.206366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93245.268702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94707.824585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93442.434063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93566.955710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93533.884087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8696.409864                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8696.409864                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92833.795433                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92833.795433                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93245.268702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94707.824585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93442.434063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93242.648259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93277.801439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93245.268702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94707.824585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93442.434063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93242.648259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93277.801439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2718563                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2718563                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2717591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3737513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2155629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2155629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4873220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5893142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4873220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5893142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5182641410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1039641801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74709381806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 215990224163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 296921889180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    506356278                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506356278                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 169209139646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 169209139646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5182641410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1039641801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74709381806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385199363809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 466131028826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5182641410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1039641801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74709381806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385199363809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 466131028826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     87701909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87701909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    200528733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    200528733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    288230642                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    288230642                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.050920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359773                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359773                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.050920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.206366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.050920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79218.633029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80730.066858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.160047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79478.561771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79443.707401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78286.375696                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78286.375696                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78496.410860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78496.410860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79218.633029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80730.066858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.160047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79044.115351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.199563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79218.633029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80730.066858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.160047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79044.115351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.199563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9332                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2653                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6679                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15116395                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               481298888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15116907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.838450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481290856                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      481290856                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481290856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       481290856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481290856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      481290856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16400068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16400068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16400068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16400068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16400068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16400068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 435564509006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 435564509006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 435564509006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 435564509006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 435564509006                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 435564509006                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    497690924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    497690924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    497690924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    497690924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    497690924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    497690924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26558.701403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26558.701403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26558.701403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26558.701403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26558.701403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26558.701403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8471563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            213                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39772.596244                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1283580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1283580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1283580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1283580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1283580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1283580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15116488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15116488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15116488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15116488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15116488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15116488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 340126300605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 340126300605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 340126300605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 340126300605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 340126300605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 340126300605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22500.351974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22500.351974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22500.351974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22500.351974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22500.351974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22500.351974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2452136                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8614072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2452152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.512862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8613841                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8613841                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8613841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8613841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8613841                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8613841                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2452336                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2452336                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2452336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2452336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2452336                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2452336                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  41340877612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41340877612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  41340877612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  41340877612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  41340877612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  41340877612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11066177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11066177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11066177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11066177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11066177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11066177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16857.754244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16857.754244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16857.754244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16857.754244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16857.754244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16857.754244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2427                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2427                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2452336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2452336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2452336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2452336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2452336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2452336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33510088854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33510088854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33510088854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33510088854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33510088854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33510088854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13664.558549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13664.558549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13664.558549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13664.558549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13664.558549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13664.558549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30832015                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      60444091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30832031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.960432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60443671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     60443671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60443671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     60443671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60443671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     60443671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30839655                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30839655                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30839655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30839655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30839655                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30839655                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 396963397426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 396963397426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 396963397426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 396963397426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 396963397426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 396963397426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91283326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91283326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91283326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     91283326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91283326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     91283326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.337845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.337845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.337845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12871.849488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12871.849488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12871.849488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12871.849488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12871.849488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12871.849488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       539748                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       539748                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30839655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30839655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30839655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30839655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30839655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30839655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300106403188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 300106403188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300106403188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 300106403188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 300106403188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 300106403188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9731.185488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9731.185488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9731.185488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9731.185488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9731.185488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9731.185488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              48620693                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               976485727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              48621205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.083536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    728553329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      728553329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    246107614                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     246107614                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    974660943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       974660943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    974660943                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      974660943                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     48190998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48190998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19737402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19737402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     67928400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      67928400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     67928400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     67928400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1561345449371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1561345449371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 552000991578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 552000991578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2113346440949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2113346440949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2113346440949                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2113346440949                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    776744327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    776744327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    265845016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    265845016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1042589343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1042589343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1042589343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1042589343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32399.110086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32399.110086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27967.256865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27967.256865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31111.382587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31111.382587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31111.382587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31111.382587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     27393744                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         27393744                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17704895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17704895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17741921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17741921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17741921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17741921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30486103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30486103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19700376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19700376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50186479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     50186479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50186479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     50186479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 763871704429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 763871704429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 477289279324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 477289279324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1241160983753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241160983753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1241160983753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241160983753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102393319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102393319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    239276010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    239276010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    341669329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    341669329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074105                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074105                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25056.390593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25056.390593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24227.419788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24227.419788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24730.983494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24730.983494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24730.983494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24730.983494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6301937586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       585163307                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    585163307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     62478128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    421869670                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       340132388                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1943538675                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3233230499                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          585163307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    340132388                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            955668035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      324032497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          83803997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2201263177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        92986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1678346                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2061                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        497691117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30163408                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1151162                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5446398027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.040123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.487510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4506493274     82.74%     82.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59299748      1.09%     83.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57281386      1.05%     84.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84382490      1.55%     86.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64505444      1.18%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77623729      1.43%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58631598      1.08%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65459943      1.20%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       472720415      8.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5446398027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.092855                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.513053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2009214370                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2258820045                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        878057738                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39955124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     260350750                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5531079698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2199                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     260350750                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2096173369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1846988930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     34682093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        823127122                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    385075763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5373872077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2971996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      56274070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    310645163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1839133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6027301931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13539465219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13493949496                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45515723                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3947453849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2079848192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1660545                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1659633                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        802499924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1052134025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    406028348                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     66098528                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40746456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5142946249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3235610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4517043804                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9584269                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1603190887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2375006281                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1367265                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5446398027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.829364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.464898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3580503108     65.74%     65.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    699751255     12.85%     78.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    464639439      8.53%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281097307      5.16%     92.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    193112767      3.55%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126490799      2.32%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70656393      1.30%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25297343      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4849616      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5446398027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6281125     31.73%     31.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        25548      0.13%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8817475     44.54%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4674148     23.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31171400      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3238890638     71.70%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7067023      0.16%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    899553892     19.91%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    340360851      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4517043804                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.716771                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19798296                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004383                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14506495019                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6726644153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4373804012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27626704                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23477565                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12846976                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4491900184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13770516                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    100197821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    346169927                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       857486                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       786836                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    140186645                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       219064                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          717                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     260350750                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1319476081                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     27273134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5146181859                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30360332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1052134025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    406028348                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2816596                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8625743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3202080                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       786836                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42703102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24347701                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67050803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4447313435                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    877255706                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     69730369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1211442393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       428473864                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         334186687                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.705706                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4400044760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4386650988                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3060474669                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4728105465                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.696080                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647294                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1672751250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1868345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62673752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5186375133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.670146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.711998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4090082732     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    390078340      7.52%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168247233      3.24%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205722253      3.97%     93.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75753353      1.46%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44635615      0.86%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33036288      0.64%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23076005      0.44%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155743314      3.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5186375133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999760804                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3475627327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             971805817                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            705964110                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         364843701                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10306727                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3453890566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155743314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10178561263                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10558167539                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               17026355                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              855539559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999760804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3475627327                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999760804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.151346                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.151346                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.317325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.317325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8653853154                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4888014247                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12201699                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9344026                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2144719022                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1572165                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74417480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12536761                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87212705                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74417480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74417480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9085720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10319984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9302185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1950993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11285258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1223386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1242707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        83662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        37199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           35461461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            5974025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              41558649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      35461461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         35461461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       587500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               652                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4329533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4917685                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       588648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        83662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        37199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          35461461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10303557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             46476334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9332                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6679                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2653                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6301467442                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7074197                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13171667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13117183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1027547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13117183                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          34028490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15065736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3181607                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1955410                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1226197                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6286065809.026034                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15401632.973966                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002444                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997556                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
