
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 181434                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   322184                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101158642                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519885                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    227857918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              984514007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435844505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    227857918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1291857245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.205903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047986000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.205903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.575369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.575369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249692824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249692824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250642824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250642824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250642824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250642824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43181.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43181.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177338.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177338.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1684400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10937.662338                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       670600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       670600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232728892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232728892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233399492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233399492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233399492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233399492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30481.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30481.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165290.406250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165290.406250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           141                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1811.834983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              37                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.262411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          121.316725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.606405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.736628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.054086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    425.121906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.103790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.442343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2276                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             656                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  656                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2276                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5293                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3073                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2957722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205392776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74254926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      283011198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34176819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34176819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2957722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205392776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108431745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317188017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2957722                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205392776                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108431745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317188017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.344450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.798561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.367320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.367320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105632.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103160.610748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105927.141227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103401.972232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102633.090090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101716.723214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105632.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103160.610748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104866.291103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103217.708103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105632.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103160.610748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104866.291103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103217.708103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2805422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194398375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70443645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268030816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32332619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32332619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2805422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194398375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102776264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300363435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2805422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194398375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102776264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300363435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11326698                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11326698                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.798561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100193.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97638.561025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100490.221113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98396.041116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94729.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94729.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97094.951952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97094.951952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100193.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97638.561025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99396.773694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98254.313052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100193.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97638.561025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99396.773694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98254.313052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1733.835840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.981317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.793024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.736823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1250.471976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    443.852843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.052912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2707556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187398460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67953210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      258429400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31218677                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31218677                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2707556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187398460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99171887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289648077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2707556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187398460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99171887                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289648077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.991962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.992841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.992841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96698.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95077.858955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97214.892704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95185.782689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93749.780781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92912.729167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96698.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95077.858955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96096.789729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94935.456244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96698.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95077.858955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96096.789729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94935.456244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2319427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159691430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58246636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220571093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26472791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26472791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2319427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159691430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84719427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247043884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2319427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159691430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84719427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247043884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82836.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81020.512430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83328.520744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81632.528868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79497.870871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79497.870871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82836.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81020.512430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82092.468023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81398.314333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82836.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81020.512430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82092.468023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81398.314333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3758                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.289237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.751996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083158996028                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.361141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.928095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.855328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20759                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4947                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4947                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299030377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299030377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299030377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299030377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299030377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299030377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60446.811603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60410.177172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60446.811603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60410.177172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60446.811603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60410.177172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233171893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233171893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233171893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233171893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233171893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233171893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54645.393251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54645.393251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          101                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.073336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.544554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.343856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.729479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1820730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1820730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1820730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1820730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1820730                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1820730                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.319088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.319088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.319088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17340.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16256.517857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17340.285714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16256.517857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17340.285714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16256.517857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1495834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1495834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1495834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1495834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1495834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1495834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14246.038095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14246.038095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2261                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.101449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.103936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.091003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.010447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2277                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31794470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31794470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31794470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31794470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31794470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31794470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.879830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.879830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.879830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14000.206957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.315766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14000.206957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.315766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14000.206957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.315766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24831274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24831274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24831274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24831274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24831274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24831274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10934.070454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10934.070454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1215                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.030941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.823045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.958379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.072563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.722798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.724670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16239                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16243                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          432                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2669                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    151790363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151790363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38525921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38525921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190316284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190316284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190316284                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190316284                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67763.554911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67763.554911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89804.011655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89180.372685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71306.213563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71226.154192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71306.213563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71226.154192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              656                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83606362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83606362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36038402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36038402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119644764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119644764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119644764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119644764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779540                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779540                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025198                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64911.771739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64911.771739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85805.719048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85805.719048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773233                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38139                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38139                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6251                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28361                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15018                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179047                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           19                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          442                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       413519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.826194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.292481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360512     87.18%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2483      0.60%     87.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1923      0.47%     88.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2921      0.71%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3838      0.93%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3756      0.91%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5098      1.23%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2069      0.50%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30919      7.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       413519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049324                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       170568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17793                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17793                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11902                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312348                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342690                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       773220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       773130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          130187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30089                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25104                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1140                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290984                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260378                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94965                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       137249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          801                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       413519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.629664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.403406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       316709     76.59%     76.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32426      7.84%     84.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20291      4.91%     89.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16198      3.92%     93.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11387      2.75%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8667      2.10%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5428      1.31%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1979      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          434      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       413519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            515     38.46%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           437     32.64%     71.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     28.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2905      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       200029     76.82%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35730     13.72%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21704      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260378                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336739                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1339                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       937817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       387659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14911                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8359                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17793                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          763                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25104                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           304                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          147                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252924                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33892                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25595                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20739                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327099                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248073                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160937                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252581                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320826                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637170                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       103260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.398643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       330370     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24281      6.13%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12471      3.15%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10042      2.54%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5991      1.51%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3098      0.78%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1653      0.42%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2460      0.62%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5420      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104151                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42025                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25304                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20626                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              682799                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             603097                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 359714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97199                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.424153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.424153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486787                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269951                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110578                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.069008                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60069008024505                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65152515649284                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51498                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    99313                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1966678922                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4770836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30543.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1572929133                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3033367283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3303040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            99392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       154176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2427456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     48200768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            54222208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2427456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2427456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     35774528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         35774528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        51610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        37929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       753137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               847222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         558977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              558977                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        54987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        40411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       802423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 902665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        40411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             40411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           595557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                595557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           595557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        54987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        40411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       802423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1498222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   294819                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.610838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   294833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.059729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.551109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.909444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.913177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            13                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               13                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       424482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          427970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        28343                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          77495                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        452825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           505465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52640                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       452825                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          505465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507862664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  48564817212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49072679876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8629468856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1222064000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9851532856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9137331520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  49786881212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  58924212732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9137331520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  49786881212                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  58924212732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       424661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        428149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        28356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       453017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         505657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       453017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        505657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145602.827982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114409.603262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114663.831287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175566.993327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43116.960096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127124.754578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173581.525836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109947.289156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116574.268707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173581.525836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109947.289156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116574.268707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    412172520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               48450                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8507.172755                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          53119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               53119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       424482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       427970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        28343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        77495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       452825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       505465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       452825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       505465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    465449484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43445355100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43910804584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8037045184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    868237400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8905282584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8502494668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44313592500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52816087168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8502494668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44313592500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52816087168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999832                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 133443.086009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102349.110445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102602.529579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163514.102865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30633.221607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114914.285877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161521.555243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97860.304753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104490.097570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161521.555243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97860.304753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104490.097570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          768                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3145728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          768                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6878444                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4030.062950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        53461203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6882483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.767720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  8147822371300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1442.526025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   139.009918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.253230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1093.189058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1353.083555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.352179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.983902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21458412                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12572369                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8824574                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               43227545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11698686                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11698686                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1064344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1064344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2134087                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2134087                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21458412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12572369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10958661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                45361632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21458412                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12572369                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10958661                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               45361632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1294067                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3969937                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5404375                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        98717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             98717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1739585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1739585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1294067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5709522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               7143960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1294067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5709522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              7143960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3034553037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166239941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31675345522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127788418284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   162664556784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2337548712                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2337548712                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86244625310                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  86244625310                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3034553037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166239941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31675345522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214033043594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    248909182094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3034553037                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166239941                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31675345522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214033043594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   248909182094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21593254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13866436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12794511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           48631920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11698686                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11698686                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1163061                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1163061                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3873672                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3873672                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21593254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13866436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16668183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            52505592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21593254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13866436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16668183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           52505592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.111128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084877                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.084877                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.449079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.136061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.136061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22504.509255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30066.909206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24477.361313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32189.029268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30098.680566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23679.292442                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23679.292442                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49577.701182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49577.701182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22504.509255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30066.909206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24477.361313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37487.033695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34841.905903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22504.509255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30066.909206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24477.361313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37487.033695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34841.905903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4171038                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4171038                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1294048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3969937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5404355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        98717                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        98717                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1739585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1739585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1294048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5709522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          7143940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1294048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5709522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         7143940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2316423990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    136407060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24318157848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105838474297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 132609463195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8472562919                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8472562919                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76395807216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76395807216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2316423990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    136407060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24318157848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 182234281513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 209005270411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2316423990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    136407060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24318157848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 182234281513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 209005270411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8900478406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8900478406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12222961458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12222961458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21123439864                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21123439864                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084877                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084877                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.136061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17178.929183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24671.199132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18792.315160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26659.988382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24537.518944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85826.786865                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85826.786865                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43916.110576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43916.110576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17178.929183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24671.199132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18792.315160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31917.607378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29256.302602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17178.929183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24671.199132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18792.315160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31917.607378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29256.302602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        766275                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32257.355975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8771010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        798611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         10.982831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18085.626396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.024723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.881339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    19.816045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2291.217936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11710.789141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.551930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.069922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.357385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.984416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4945                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1256118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3492465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4885960                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4171038                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4171038                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          397                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 397                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1122402                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1122402                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1256118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4614867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 6008362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1256118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4614867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                6008362                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          584                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37930                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       477472                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               518395                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       389999                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            389999                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       325504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             325504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       802976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                843899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          584                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37930                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       802976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               843899                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223496286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54277532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3548807820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43909044196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47735625834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    814839383                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    814839383                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29814601563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  29814601563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223496286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54277532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3548807820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73723645759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     77550227397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223496286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54277532                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3548807820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73723645759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    77550227397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1294048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3969937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5404355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4171038                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4171038                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390396                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          390396                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1447906                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1447906                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1294048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5417843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6852261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1294048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5417843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6852261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.095922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998983                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998983                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.224810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.148210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.123156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.148210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.123156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92775.544209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92940.979452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93562.030583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91961.506007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92083.499714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2089.337109                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2089.337109                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91595.192572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91595.192572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92775.544209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92940.979452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93562.030583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91813.012791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91895.152615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92775.544209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92940.979452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93562.030583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91813.012791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91895.152615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              505858                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   505858                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       477472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       389999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       389999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       325504                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        325504                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       802976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           843899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       802976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          843899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189708073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46080508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3013573212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37203357675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40452719468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29657137639                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29657137639                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25124587031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25124587031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189708073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46080508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3013573212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62327944706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65577306499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189708073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     46080508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3013573212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62327944706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65577306499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7983266436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7983266436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10868973181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10868973181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18852239617                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18852239617                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998983                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998983                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.148210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.123156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.148210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78749.718971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78904.979452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79450.915160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77917.359918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78034.547918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76044.137649                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76044.137649                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77186.722839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77186.722839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78749.718971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78904.979452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79450.915160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77621.180093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77707.529573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78749.718971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78904.979452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79450.915160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77621.180093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77707.529573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24906818                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68318                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      19250                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        321                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   246                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 19061                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3326193                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19571                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24975136                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           326                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3317094                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9099                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            320                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19432                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13866440                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               140404703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13866952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.125131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140400015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      140400015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140400015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       140400015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140400015                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      140400015                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14489805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     14489805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14489805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      14489805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14489805                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     14489805                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 224632283051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 224632283051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 224632283051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 224632283051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 224632283051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 224632283051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154889820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    154889820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154889820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    154889820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154889820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    154889820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15502.781649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15502.781649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15502.781649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15502.781649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15502.781649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15502.781649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       544529                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38894.928571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       623347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       623347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       623347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       623347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       623347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       623347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13866458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13866458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13866458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13866458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13866458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13866458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 168040638639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 168040638639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 168040638639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 168040638639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 168040638639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 168040638639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12118.497647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12118.497647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12118.497647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12118.497647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12118.497647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12118.497647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       377768                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        521600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       377784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.380683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083930627300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       521294                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       521294                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       521294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       521294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       521294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       521294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       377975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       377975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       377975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7550560183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7550560183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7550560183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7550560183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7550560183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7550560183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       899269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       899269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       899269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.420314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.420314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.420314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.420314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.420314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.420314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19976.348126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19976.348126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19976.348126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19976.348126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19976.348126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19976.348126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       377975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       377975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       377975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6406167525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6406167525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6406167525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6406167525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6406167525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6406167525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.420314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.420314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.420314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16948.654078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16948.654078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16948.654078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16948.654078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16948.654078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16948.654078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     21595795                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      10931854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     21595811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.506203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10931482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10931482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10931482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10931482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10931482                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10931482                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21597265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     21597265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21597265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     21597265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21597265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     21597265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 260617490583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 260617490583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 260617490583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 260617490583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 260617490583                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 260617490583                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32528747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32528747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32528747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     32528747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32528747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     32528747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.663944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.663944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.663944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.663944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.663944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.663944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12067.152511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12067.152511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12067.152511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12067.152511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12067.152511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12067.152511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6010                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6010                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21597265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21597265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21597265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21597265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21597265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21597265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 195192784475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 195192784475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 195192784475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 195192784475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 195192784475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 195192784475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.663944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.663944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.663944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.663944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.663944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.663944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9037.847361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9037.847361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9037.847361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9037.847361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9037.847361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9037.847361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16641102                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.741483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               254665515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16641614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.302934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.741483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148061636                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      148061636                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    105373498                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     105373498                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    253435134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       253435134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    253435134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      253435134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25018047                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     25018047                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5066824                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5066824                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     30084871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      30084871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     30084871                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     30084871                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 733296774588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 733296774588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151501806086                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 151501806086                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 884798580674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 884798580674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 884798580674                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 884798580674                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    173079683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173079683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    110440322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    110440322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    283520005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    283520005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    283520005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    283520005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.106112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.106112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29310.712167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29310.712167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29900.743757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29900.743757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29410.083915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29410.083915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29410.083915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29410.083915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11692547                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         11692547                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12214363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12214363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        50464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12264827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12264827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12264827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12264827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12803684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12803684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5016360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5016360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17820044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17820044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17820044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17820044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 278775564906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 278775564906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131050024930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131050024930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 409825589836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 409825589836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 409825589836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 409825589836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9265429885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9265429885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12717132527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12717132527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21982562412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21982562412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045421                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045421                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21773.074445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21773.074445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26124.525538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26124.525538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22998.012229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22998.012229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22998.012229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22998.012229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2499858993                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       208691087                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    208691087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     23330333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131954142                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        93581553                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    842304338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             949358723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          208691087                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     93581553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            315472906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       80317622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          11280497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1141037234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5166342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1560417                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          212                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        154889832                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     14627909                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          92512                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2373147554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.803019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.251887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2063480229     86.95%     86.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        24651229      1.04%     87.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15751932      0.66%     88.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19884235      0.84%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21698628      0.91%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19960142      0.84%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17459482      0.74%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23571493      0.99%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       166690184      7.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2373147554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.083481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.379765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       817211475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1195109206                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        293249863                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11251402                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      56325608                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1877004485                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          974                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      56325608                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       851996226                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      838402767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    232348579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        268686202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    125388172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1833607279                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1806669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      52781945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     61162527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2441234                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2048766357                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4668152707                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4364710608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303442099                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1547099966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       501666509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3698223                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3821637                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        286146365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    206765368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    130046330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15579089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14052846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1671276305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6513729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1568372285                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9624597                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    280518869                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    411761334                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2021339                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2373147554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.660883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.356366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1720699146     72.51%     72.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    256547937     10.81%     83.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    158479323      6.68%     90.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     90217738      3.80%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62460214      2.63%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44878782      1.89%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30719402      1.29%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7498786      0.32%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1646226      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2373147554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3275915     38.05%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12816      0.15%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3075065     35.71%     73.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2246224     26.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33498277      2.14%      2.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1128956573     71.98%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90782808      5.79%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    193825893     12.36%     92.27% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    121308734      7.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1568372285                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.627384                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8610020                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005490                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5320682313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1810926440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1433551055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215971591                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147556128                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105845490                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1435535298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107948730                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16313229                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     37958121                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       191194                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       189551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     20357292                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       120699                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      56325608                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      635336459                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10907567                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1677790034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     57694617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    206765368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    130046330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4393087                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5854183                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       810146                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       189551                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7127445                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18909649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     26037094                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1547032646                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    189240099                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21339639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           309189028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158220233                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         119948929                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.618848                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1540564724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1539396545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1026950710                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1770189235                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.615793                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580136                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    307513617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4492390                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     23472533                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2317150199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.591372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.627192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1880209756     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    152847786      6.60%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90908546      3.92%     91.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63377202      2.74%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26305971      1.14%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16991987      0.73%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13878509      0.60%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8996599      0.39%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     63633843      2.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2317150199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    686022114                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1370298294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             278496300                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            168807258                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1570702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         142882394                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91271088                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1296063386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     63633843                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3930562421                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3412947692                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6644236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              126711439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177886652690                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          686022114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1370298294                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    686022114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.643992                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.643992                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.274424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.274424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3125385936                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1609320480                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185280779                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96648696                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      613245516                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3184326                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          385358                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73552704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77643096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9367590752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1869981571                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11389267825                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9367590752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9367590752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     25223858                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1207659342                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1234697728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            21021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9194088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9705387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1170948844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        261235573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1451107110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          420756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       157184770                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157633878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1224470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155947152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31130555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189603062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155947152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155947152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            419915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20104533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20554655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            426330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1224470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155947152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51235088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            210157716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68318                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24906818                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       321                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     19250                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                19061                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3326193                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19571                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24975136                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          326                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9099                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3317094                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           320                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14543                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180387404447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 885843724                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1661187867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1654393328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442585                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    112173052                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1654393328                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442585                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4213120885                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1825825841                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             718155                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364883                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   419088197                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 261541534                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157546663                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178440999033.523621                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1946405413.476377                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010790                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989210                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
