
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 202028                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   359551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              111214498                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529831                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        942950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6143929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    425905934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              973812744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    425905934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         426564212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6143929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    425905934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1279253785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.527897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367446000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.527897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.595494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.595494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250717824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250717824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251641824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251641824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251641824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251641824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178066.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178066.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175973.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1776800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 169                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10513.609467                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       656500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233753300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233753300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    234409800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234409800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    234409800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234409800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29840.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29840.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166017.968750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166017.968750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163922.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           109                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1840.798381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              22                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.201835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           68.787885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.295817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.753103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.687890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    506.029870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.449414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2137                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          518                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             487                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  487                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2137                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202374422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85884629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291830231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24147435                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24147435                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202374422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110032064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       315977666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944773                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202374422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110032064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      315977666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          487                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              487                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              307                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.352303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.763934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.765472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.367548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.367548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105170.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104401.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103041.966395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105509.372236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103375.923131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103637.060086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102755.042553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105170.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104401.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103041.966395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105092.706781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103328.209941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105170.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104401.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103041.966395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105092.706781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103328.209941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   2                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        2                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191531648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81425812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276343340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22856435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22856435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191531648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104282247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299199775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191531648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104282247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299199775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7508747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7508747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11327798                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11327798                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.763934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99731.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98901.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97521.205703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100031.710074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98272.880512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98096.287554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98096.287554                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99731.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98901.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97521.205703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        99601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98259.367816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99731.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98901.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97521.205703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        99601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98259.367816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1806.102269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.657100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.759206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.244158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1247.305730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    519.136168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               2                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    2                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2797                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3031                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184592163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78553854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      266412497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21980859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21980859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184592163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100534713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288393356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184592163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100534713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288393356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                2                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96195.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95501.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95101.578053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96860.485820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.373257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94745.081897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93935.294872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96195.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95501.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95101.578053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96389.945350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.923458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96195.464286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95501.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95101.578053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96389.945350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.923458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157312674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67218951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227326517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18685120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18685120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157312674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85904071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246011637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157312674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85904071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246011637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82356.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81486.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81047.230294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82884.033292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81596.021895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80539.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80539.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82356.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81486.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81047.230294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82362.484180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81514.790258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82356.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81486.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81047.230294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82362.484180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81514.790258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3592                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               433.767216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.222996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001493357000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.365106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   433.402110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.846488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.847202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22583                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22583                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4797                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4800                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4797                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4800                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294690118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294690118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294690118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294690118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294690118                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294690118                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61432.169689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.774583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61432.169689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.774583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61432.169689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61393.774583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228572430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228572430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228572430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228572430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228572430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228572430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55735.779078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55735.779078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55735.779078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           90                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.434800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           90                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.422222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.257609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.177191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.652175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2042488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2042488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2042488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2042488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2042488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2042488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.287324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20631.191919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20024.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20631.191919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20024.392157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20631.191919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20024.392157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1737178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17547.252525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.252525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17547.252525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2459                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.867469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.074014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.821588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          283                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          283                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2475                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2475                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33414257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33414257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33414257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33414257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33414257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33414257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.897389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.897389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.897389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13533.518429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.709899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13533.518429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.709899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13533.518429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.709899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25847109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25847109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25847109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25847109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25847109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25847109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.897166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10468.654921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10468.654921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10468.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1147                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               362.908582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   29019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.299913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.669629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   361.238953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.705545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.708806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15639                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15642                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2539                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2541                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2859                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194477760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194477760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27587958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27587958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222065718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222065718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222065718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222065718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76596.203230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76535.914994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87303.664557                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86754.584906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77781.337303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77672.514166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77781.337303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77672.514166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          487                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              487                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94611694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94611694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25550880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25550880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120162574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120162574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120162574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120162574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71029.800300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71029.800300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83499.607843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83499.607843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73359.324786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41389                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31183                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16548                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                196248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16548                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        150001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          428                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             35                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       407988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.895026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.369895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          351094     86.05%     86.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2775      0.68%     86.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2039      0.50%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2933      0.72%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4591      1.13%     89.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4101      1.01%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5416      1.33%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2169      0.53%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32870      8.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       407988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.252048                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       158028                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51515                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        351257                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          181212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          83797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        333943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       369647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       831513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       831423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232185                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          137420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          985                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32598                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43018                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2134                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            311239                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           277795                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       148480                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          828                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       407988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.680890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.445702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       304855     74.72%     74.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34265      8.40%     83.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21507      5.27%     88.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17651      4.33%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12202      2.99%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9110      2.23%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5971      1.46%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2037      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          390      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       407988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            665     47.70%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           380     27.26%     74.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          349     25.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2972      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215699     77.65%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38174     13.74%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20940      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        277795                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.356781                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1394                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005018                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       967436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       413931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        276203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15567                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8345                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           45                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          72254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       312909                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43018                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1259                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       270052                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36303                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27893                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19952                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.346836                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265828                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               265115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           175047                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277853                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340496                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629999                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          842                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       389567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.480420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       321148     82.44%     82.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24663      6.33%     88.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12661      3.25%     92.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10539      2.71%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6322      1.62%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3400      0.87%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1827      0.47%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2499      0.64%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6508      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       389567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111504                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43448                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27448                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22787                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           202556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6508                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              695779                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             644354                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 370627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97238                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.982844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.982844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          524497                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291528                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116914                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           680                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.097520                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 97520495220                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15099353459406                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  91826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   167465                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               99606789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   979.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89902642                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163957530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1130688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6084352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19684608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28736640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6084352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6084352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12018624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         12018624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        95068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       307572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               449010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         187791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              187791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16926575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11594363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1121569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       788839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     62390495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    201850985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              294672827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62390495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          62390495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        123242032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             123242032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        123242032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16926575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11594363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1121569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       788839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     62390495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    201850985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             417914859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44913                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.712013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.581853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.130160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.286366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.633135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.919501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             54                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                54                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             59                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                59                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2158                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2563                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43598                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19836                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125061808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142294808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4556843760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1701632000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6258475760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4574076760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1826693808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6400770568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4574076760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1826693808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6400770568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.979366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42550.617284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 57952.645042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55518.848225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175804.157407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96257.042652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143549.606863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173754.102944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92089.826981                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138661.869717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173754.102944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92089.826981                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138661.869717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     31104200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2777                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11200.648181                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42977                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42977                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12257500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98389300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110646800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4244461044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1488224600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5732685644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4256718544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1586613900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5843332444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4256718544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1586613900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5843332444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30265.432099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45592.817424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43170.815451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163752.355093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84185.122751                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131489.647323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161698.710123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79986.584997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126585.915470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161698.710123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79986.584997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126585.915470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1254561                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4038.801631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2769439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1258573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.200460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15021687995600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          910.703927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.112013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.152099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.006969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    79.544081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    39.722149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1637.270861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1371.285121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.222340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.399724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.334786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       750255                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       831230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2019350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          926055                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               926055                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36083                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               36083                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        78232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                78232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       750255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       909462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2097582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       750255                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       909462                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2097582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18163                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11979                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       482107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1068668                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       178374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             178374                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       660481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1247042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18163                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11979                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556419                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       660481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1247042                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    550792223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    365580827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19978674885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26727656743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47622704678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    200762328                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    200762328                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13264317499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13264317499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    550792223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    365580827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19978674885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39991974242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     60887022177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    550792223                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    365580827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19978674885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39991974242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    60887022177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1306674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1313337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3088018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       926055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           926055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       256606                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           256606                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1306674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1569943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3344624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1306674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1569943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3344624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.346069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102190                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.102190                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695128                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.695128                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.372850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.372850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30324.958597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30518.476250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35905.809983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55439.262950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44562.674917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48882.962747                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48882.962747                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74362.393056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74362.393056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30324.958597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30518.476250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35905.809983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60549.772426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48825.157595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30324.958597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30518.476250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35905.809983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60549.772426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48825.157595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              334291                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   334291                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       482107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1068621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        178374                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       660481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1246995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       660481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1246995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    451508768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    299448633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16836039727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24060549474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41647546602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    295287627                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295287627                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12270102266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12270102266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    451508768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    299448633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16836039727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36330651740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53917648868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    451508768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    299448633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16836039727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36330651740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53917648868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    256174365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    256174365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    413750858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    413750858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    669925223                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    669925223                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102190                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102190                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.695128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24880.628644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25050.078049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30258.171047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49907.073480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38973.168787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71898.618700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71898.618700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68788.625394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68788.625394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24880.628644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25050.078049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30258.171047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55006.354066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43238.063399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24880.628644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25050.078049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30258.171047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55006.354066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43238.063399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        378380                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30656.879121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          996904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        410516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.428417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8575.106290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.437379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.576732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.765577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.273322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   140.736316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    87.959503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9495.666988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12354.357013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.261691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.289785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.377025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.935574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16438                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10752                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       461342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       287336                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 775868                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          334291                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               334291                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          881                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 881                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        63399                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                63399                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       461342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       350735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  839267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16438                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       461342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       350735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 839267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95071                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       194771                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               292753                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3704                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3704                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       114497                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             114497                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       309268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                407250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95071                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       309268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               407250                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160460716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112832727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8888949945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18172193734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27334437122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98251505                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     98251505                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10819817641                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10819817641                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160460716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112832727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8888949945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28992011375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     38154254763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160460716                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112832727                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8888949945                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28992011375                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    38154254763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       482107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1068621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       334291                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           334291                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4585                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4585                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       177896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           177896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       660003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1246517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       660003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1246517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.094175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.273954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807852                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.807852                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.643618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.643618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.094175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.326710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.094175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.326710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93891.583382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93870.821131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.016693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93300.305148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93370.305759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26525.784287                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26525.784287                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94498.699887                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94498.699887                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93891.583382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93870.821131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.016693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93743.974077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93687.550063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93891.583382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93870.821131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.016693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93743.974077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93687.550063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              144816                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   144816                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       194771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          292753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3704                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3704                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       114497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        114497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       309268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           407250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        95071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       309268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          407250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136509076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95964971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7549055231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15432645180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23214174458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263470346                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263470346                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9196089624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9196089624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136509076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95964971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7549055231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24628734804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32410264082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    136509076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95964971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7549055231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24628734804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32410264082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    228540038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    228540038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    369164037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    369164037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    597704075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597704075                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.094175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807852                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807852                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.643618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.094175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.326710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.094175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.170864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.468586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79876.580456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79837.746256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.394936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79234.820276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79296.111254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71131.302916                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71131.302916                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80317.297606                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80317.297606                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79876.580456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79837.746256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.394936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79635.574337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79583.214443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79876.580456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79837.746256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.394936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79635.574337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79583.214443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                87081018                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12315                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2466353                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 84614665                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4430                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7886                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 489                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1306674                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.996976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12094730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1307186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.252494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12089068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12089068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12089068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12089068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12089068                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12089068                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1456480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1456480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1456480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1456480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1456480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1456480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37309472753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37309472753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37309472753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  37309472753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37309472753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  37309472753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13545548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13545548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13545548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13545548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13545548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13545548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25616.192981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25616.192981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25616.192981                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25616.192981                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25616.192981                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25616.192981                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5111896                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32559.847134                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       149801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       149801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       149801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1306679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1306679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1306679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1306679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1306679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1306679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27780246886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27780246886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27780246886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27780246886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27780246886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27780246886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21260.192355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21260.192355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21260.192355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21260.192355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21260.192355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21260.192355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        68332                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.686424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        350771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        68347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.132208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002270763300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.686424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350348                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       350348                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       350348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350348                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       350348                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        71482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        71482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        71482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1166670040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1166670040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1166670040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1166670040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1166670040                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1166670040                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       421830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       421830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       421830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16321.172323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16321.172323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16321.172323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16321.172323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16321.172323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16321.172323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8790                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8790                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    933638059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    933638059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    933638059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    933638059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    933638059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    933638059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13061.163076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13061.163076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13061.163076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13061.163076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13061.163076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13061.163076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       413142                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.856713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1776754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       413158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.300423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.856713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1776226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1776226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1776226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1776226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1776226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1776226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       416279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       416279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       416279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6116266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6116266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6116266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6116266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6116266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6116266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2192505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2192505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2192505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2192505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2192505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2192505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14692.709226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14692.709226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14692.709226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14692.709226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14692.709226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14692.709226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       126787                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       126787                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       416279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       416279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       416279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4778704369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4778704369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4778704369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4778704369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4778704369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4778704369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11479.571079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11479.571079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11479.571079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11479.571079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11479.571079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11479.571079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1570767                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.687805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24543001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1571279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.619760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.687805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15682213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15682213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8810172                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8810172                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24492385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24492385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24492385                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24492385                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2276897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2276897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       299361                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       299361                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2576258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2576258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2576258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2576258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93384893580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93384893580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16192377075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16192377075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109577270655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 109577270655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109577270655                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 109577270655                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17959110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17959110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9109533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9109533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27068643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27068643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27068643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27068643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41014.105416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41014.105416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54089.801527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54089.801527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42533.500393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42533.500393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42533.500393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42533.500393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       790478                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           790478                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       960863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       960863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       964406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       964406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       964406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       964406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1316034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1316034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       295818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1611852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1611852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1611852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1611852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38564553479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38564553479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14994401415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14994401415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53558954894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53558954894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53558954894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53558954894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    267370785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    267370785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    430258299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430258299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    697629084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    697629084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29303.614860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29303.614860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50687.927763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50687.927763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33228.208852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33228.208852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33228.208852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33228.208852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               245290326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18756043                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18756043                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2064815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14549715                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10277472                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67050229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88293098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18756043                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10277472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27618569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8497560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2096108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      93179649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        25302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       303581                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1252                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13545660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1310622                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31839                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    196544097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.246437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       169826841     86.41%     86.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1565771      0.80%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1559575      0.79%     88.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2436587      1.24%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2238726      1.14%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1842971      0.94%     91.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1842839      0.94%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1916848      0.98%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13313939      6.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    196544097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076465                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.359953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        69675741                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94592801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24579944                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1426204                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6269407                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156942033                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6269407                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        71985897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       70790569                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14155418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23537927                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9804879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     152259346                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       133684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2724687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5979156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       233688                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170797897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395943360                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    394274200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1669160                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123298504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47499519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       421141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       421249                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21579484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25133833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12140023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3770072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2270436                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145677617                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       512670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        133094851                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       398821                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35316776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     55222832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       168768                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    196544097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.677176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.329220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    139647506     71.05%     71.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21871228     11.13%     82.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14996981      7.63%     89.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8207147      4.18%     93.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5908905      3.01%     96.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3297431      1.68%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1919321      0.98%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595105      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       100473      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    196544097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         300644     43.93%     43.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     43.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     43.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6176      0.90%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        247054     36.10%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       130435     19.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       885331      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97740669     73.44%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       429752      0.32%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22941737     17.24%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11097362      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     133094851                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.542601                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             684309                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463341299                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180704032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128804141                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1112061                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       887870                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       515204                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132339973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         553856                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4384234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6361895                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39022                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        90357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3028654                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        24158                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6269407                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51502805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       772127                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146190287                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1302141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25133833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12140023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       485609                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        357599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        29775                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        90357                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       992352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1280080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2272432                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130845183                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22361800                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2249668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33247644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14253631                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10885844                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.533430                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129589803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129319345                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87886079                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        142054901                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.527209                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.618677                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37608117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2102886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    190322507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.570482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.614172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    155406795     81.65%     81.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13981262      7.35%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5003617      2.63%     91.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5555278      2.92%     94.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2250171      1.18%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1268065      0.67%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       721631      0.38%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835004      0.44%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5300684      2.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    190322507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60217905                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108575625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27883317                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18771951                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12575409                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        108029448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5300684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           331070490                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298665904                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 986023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               48746229                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            47563888                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60217905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108575625                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60217905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.073379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.073379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.245496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.245496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       265431399                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      143214131                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           850188                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          444153                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63515640                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        393051                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2105704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       368240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302791328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49057809                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355357753                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302791328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302791328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34157086                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42059055                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37848916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7766742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45944051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4685574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4810011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       156439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10453351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21592425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3776027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3104899409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          503051270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3643928922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3104899409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3104899409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80516736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            512067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         350255461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            431284264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     80673175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10965418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21592425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3776027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3104899409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         853306731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4075213186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               87081018                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12315                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                84614665                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2466353                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7886                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4430                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                269                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      292854991                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28617031                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53491533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53057987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390243                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4484537                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53057987                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390243                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137607460                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60215954                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652833                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12437147                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7760315                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4676832                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             230127467.987351                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62727523.012649                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.214193                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.785807                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
