
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 202371                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   360194                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              111319575                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530231                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        943746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       123712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       123712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         123904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    424150526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              972935040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    424150526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         424808804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    424150526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1278376081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.538636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367210000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.538636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.596165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.596165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245512824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245512824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246473824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246473824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246473824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246473824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174369.903409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174369.903409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172359.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172359.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172359.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172359.317483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1674700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10532.704403                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       681600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       681600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228549784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228549784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229231384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229231384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229231384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229231384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30981.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30981.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162322.289773                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162322.289773                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160301.667133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160301.667133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160301.667133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160301.667133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           111                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1814.273371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              22                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.198198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           43.913811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.294901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.415702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.244149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1225.768473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    506.636387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.010721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.442938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5039                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             357                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  357                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5081                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3053                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3142111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201223471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85939833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      290931644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24045703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24045703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3142111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201223471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109985536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       314977347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3142111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626229                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201223471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109985536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      314977347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.358661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.847273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.848375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.375338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.375338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104737.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104371.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102980.281986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105189.514076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103240.469837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103200.442060                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102322.140426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104737.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104371.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102980.281986                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104748.129524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103169.782837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104737.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104371.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102980.281986                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104748.129524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103169.782837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190438513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81464870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275475223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22753503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22753503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190438513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104218373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298228726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190438513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104218373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298228726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325316                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325316                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.847273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99287.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98871.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97460.856192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99712.203182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98138.661560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97654.519313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97654.519313                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99287.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97460.856192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99255.593333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98101.554605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99287.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97460.856192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99255.593333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98101.554605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1801.796019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.619790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.310847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.244439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1243.646223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    517.974814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     25                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3028                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2875111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183540308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78572500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265560748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21969034                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21969034                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2875111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183540308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100541534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287529782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2875111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183540308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100541534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287529782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.991128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95837.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95471.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94951.012933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96645.141451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95080.826352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94287.699571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93485.251064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95837.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95471.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94951.012933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96120.013384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94956.995376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95837.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95471.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94951.012933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96120.013384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94956.995376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2459611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156378492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67200873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226528018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18652365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18652365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2459611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156378492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85853238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245180383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2459611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156378492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85853238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245180383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81987.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80899.375065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82657.900369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81426.318476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80053.068670                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80053.068670                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81987.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80899.375065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82077.665392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81320.193367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81987.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80899.375065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82077.665392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81320.193367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3607                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               435.154982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.333241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.756812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   434.398171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.848434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.849912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22546                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4779                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4782                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4779                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4782                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292016797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292016797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292016797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    292016797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292016797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    292016797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61104.163423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61065.829569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61104.163423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61065.829569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61104.163423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61065.829569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226998552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226998552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226998552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226998552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226998552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226998552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55163.682139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55163.682139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55163.682139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55163.682139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55163.682139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55163.682139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           74                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.458361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           74                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.540541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.256638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.201723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1864114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1864114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1864114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1864114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1864114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1864114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22191.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21426.597701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22191.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21426.597701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22191.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21426.597701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1604957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1604957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1604957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1604957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1604957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1604957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19106.630952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19106.630952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19106.630952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19106.630952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19106.630952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19106.630952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2478                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.871001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.074253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.825010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2495                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33206485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33206485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33206485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33206485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33206485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33206485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.896291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.896515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.896291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.896515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.896291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.896515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13341.295701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13309.212425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13341.295701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13309.212425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13341.295701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13309.212425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25562705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25562705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25562705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25562705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25562705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25562705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.896291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.896291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.896291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10270.271193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10270.271193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10270.271193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10270.271193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10270.271193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10270.271193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   924                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               420.616666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   16970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.365801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001439475000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.274503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   417.342162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.815121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.821517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29591                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15746                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15749                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45337                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45341                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          291                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2528                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190821405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190821405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27163711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27163711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217985116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217985116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217985116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217985116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85378.704698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85302.371480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93992.079585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93346.085911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86364.942948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86228.289557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86364.942948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86228.289557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              357                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93002747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93002747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25162489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25162489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118165236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118165236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118165236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118165236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779033                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779033                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80313.253022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80313.253022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90839.310469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90839.310469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82345.112195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82345.112195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82345.112195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82345.112195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  777359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41261                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6331                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30347                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16506                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       177437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                195778                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41261                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16506                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                57921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        148742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           27                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          313                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       404197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.900511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.375932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          347440     85.96%     85.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2802      0.69%     86.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2104      0.52%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2837      0.70%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4599      1.14%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4083      1.01%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5441      1.35%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2122      0.52%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32769      8.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       404197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.251850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174581                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       156833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        350201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          179033                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85559                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        333320                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       368906                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       830548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       830458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       233030                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          135805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          999                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          996                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            31807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            310137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           277665                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1436                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        98753                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       146334                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          835                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       404197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.686955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.453357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       301448     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33952      8.40%     82.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21361      5.28%     88.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17721      4.38%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12134      3.00%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9116      2.26%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5968      1.48%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2072      0.51%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          425      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       404197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            638     46.33%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           384     27.89%     74.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          355     25.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3065      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215555     77.63%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38094     13.72%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20941      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        277665                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.357190                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1377                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004959                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       963219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       410669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        275963                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15201                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8300                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          74289                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          955                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       311827                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1278                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1193                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7394                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       269945                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36220                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27916                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19974                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.347259                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               265053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           174852                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277465                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340966                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630177                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       106551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          854                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6372                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       386139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.483732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       317157     82.14%     82.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24844      6.43%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12833      3.32%     91.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10741      2.78%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6340      1.64%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3494      0.90%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1867      0.48%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2464      0.64%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6399      1.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       386139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111904                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        205205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43669                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27589                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22876                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           203355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              691356                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             641835                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 373162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98494                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               205205                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.946660                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.946660                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          524896                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291446                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116802                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           700                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.095958                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 95958014931                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15097790979117                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52724                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    96276                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58401979                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4593920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1643.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86627951                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158187692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1966080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5834816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18675584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26737792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5834816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5834816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10615616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10615616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        91169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       291806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               417778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         165869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              165869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     20488961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              840368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1081806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       801017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60805926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    194622450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              278640529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60805926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60805926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        110627716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             110627716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        110627716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     20488961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             840368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1081806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       801017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60805926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    194622450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             389268244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48703                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.952943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.545327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.407616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.284083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.650476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            990                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               990                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           245                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              245                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1524                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32564                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1784198618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1805173618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5457763120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127684000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5585447120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5478738120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1911882618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7390620738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5478738120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1911882618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7390620738                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861504                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43247.422680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109932.139125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107997.225127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175829.997423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83782.152231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171522.144700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173790.265504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107687.429199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149975.055054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173790.265504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107687.429199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149975.055054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     53594001                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5382                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9958.008361                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32189                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32189                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14872200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1588770800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1603643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5083677704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    109048800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5192726504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5098549904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1697819600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6796369504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5098549904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1697819600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6796369504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30664.329897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97890.991990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95940.352976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163778.276546                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71554.330709                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159462.182287                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161730.369675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95630.257970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137916.140831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161730.369675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95630.257970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137916.140831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1193166                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4028.609282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2636690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1197158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.202458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15066278692700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          937.945558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.133658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.243172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.244888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    80.256692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    34.304865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1568.590294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1406.890155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.228991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.382957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.343479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.983547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       372967                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       598288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       872060                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1890014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          914368                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               914368                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34952                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34952                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                44905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       372967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       598288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       916965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1934919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       372967                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46699                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       598288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       916965                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1934919                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18255                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512923                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       473697                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1016230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4041                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4041                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       173633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             173633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       647330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1189863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512923                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       647330                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1189863                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545282415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    351877681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18775515693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26381378446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    46054054235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197807088                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    197807088                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13149677258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13149677258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545282415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    351877681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18775515693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39531055704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     59203731493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545282415                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    351877681                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18775515693                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39531055704                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    59203731493                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       391222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1111211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1345757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2906244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       914368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           914368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38993                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38993                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       218538                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           218538                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       391222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1111211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1564295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3124782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       391222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1111211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1564295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3124782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.195594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.351993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.349671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103634                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.103634                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.794521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.794521                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.195594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.380783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.195594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.380783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29870.304848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30988.787406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36604.940104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55692.517466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45318.534421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48950.034150                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48950.034150                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75732.592641                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75732.592641                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29870.304848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30988.787406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36604.940104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61067.856741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49756.763168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29870.304848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30988.787406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36604.940104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61067.856741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49756.763168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              312415                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   312415                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       473697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1016200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4041                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       173633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        173633                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1189833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1189833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    445172394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    289339247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15878290060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23765728701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40378530402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300449370                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300449370                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12181064005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12181064005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    445172394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    289339247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15878290060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35946792706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52559594407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    445172394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    289339247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15878290060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35946792706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52559594407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    186824919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    186824919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    301058062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    301058062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    487882981                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    487882981                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.195422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.351993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103634                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103634                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.794521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.794521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.195422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.380773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.195422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24406.381250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25503.679771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30956.780733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50170.739314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39734.826217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74350.252413                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74350.252413                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70154.083642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70154.083642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24406.381250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25503.679771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30956.780733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55530.861703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44173.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24406.381250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25503.679771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30956.780733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55530.861703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44173.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        358812                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30713.160591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          942266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        390791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.411176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  15066568015751                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8276.970953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.513755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.565533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.578282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.277886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.021863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    92.427028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9305.984956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12891.820337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.252593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.283996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.393427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.937291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10144                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       421746                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       280804                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 729312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          312415                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               312415                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          868                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 868                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        58961                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                58961                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       421746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       339765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  788273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       421746                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       339765                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 788273                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       192893                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               286888                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4714                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4714                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                400019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91172                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               400019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152338219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112542774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8527699612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17984647557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26777228162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105245015                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    105245015                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10696272295                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10696272295                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152338219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112542774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8527699612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28680919852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37473500457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152338219                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112542774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8527699612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28680919852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37473500457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       473697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1016200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       312415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           312415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5582                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5582                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       172092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           172092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       645789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1188292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       645789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1188292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.282315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.844500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.657387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.657387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.336634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.336634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93919.987053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93707.555371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93534.194841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93236.393011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93336.870702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22326.053246                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22326.053246                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94547.668588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94547.668588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93919.987053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93707.555371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93534.194841                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93721.145570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93679.301376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93919.987053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93707.555371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93534.194841                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93721.145570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93679.301376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              133680                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   133680                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       192893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          286888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4714                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4714                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           400019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          400019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129609525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95676024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7242959074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15270624595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22738869218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    353229864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353229864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9090128508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9090128508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129609525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95676024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7242959074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24360753103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31828997726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129609525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95676024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7242959074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24360753103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31828997726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    165969220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    165969220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    266604126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    266604126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    432573346                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    432573346                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.657387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.336634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79907.228730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79663.633639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.801233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79166.297351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79260.440374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74932.088248                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74932.088248                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80350.465460                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80350.465460                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79907.228730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79663.633639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.801233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79604.060802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79568.714801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79907.228730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79663.633639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.801233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79604.060802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79568.714801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                88503957                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12516                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 85978019                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2525938                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           7941                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4575                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 291                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1111212                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11030757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1111724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.922208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11025671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11025671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11025671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11025671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11025671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11025671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1242757                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1242757                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1242757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1242757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1242757                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1242757                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33282657144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33282657144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33282657144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33282657144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33282657144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33282657144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12268428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12268428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12268428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12268428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12268428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12268428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26781.307322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26781.307322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26781.307322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26781.307322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26781.307322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26781.307322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4347897                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32690.954887                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1111214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1111214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1111214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1111214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1111214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1111214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24853230214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24853230214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24853230214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24853230214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24853230214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24853230214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22365.836116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.836116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22365.836116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.836116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22365.836116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22365.836116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59391                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.703218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        306833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.165017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002263539300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.703218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       306378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       306378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       306378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       306378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       306378                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       306378                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62518                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62518                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62518                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62518                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1024002412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024002412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1024002412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1024002412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1024002412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1024002412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       368896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       368896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       368896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16379.321347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16379.321347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16379.321347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16379.321347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16379.321347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16379.321347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    819539985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    819539985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    819539985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819539985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    819539985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819539985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13108.864407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13108.864407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13108.864407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13108.864407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13108.864407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13108.864407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       399179                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.889879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1698997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       399195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.256058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.889879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.993117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.993117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1698405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1698405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1698405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1698405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1698405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1698405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402321                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       402321                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       402321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       402321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6086134510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6086134510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6086134510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6086134510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6086134510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6086134510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2100726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2100726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2100726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2100726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2100726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2100726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15127.558616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15127.558616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15127.558616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15127.558616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15127.558616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15127.558616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       121073                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       121073                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       402321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       402321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       402321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4804473096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4804473096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4804473096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4804473096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4804473096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4804473096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11941.889924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11941.889924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11941.889924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11941.889924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11941.889924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11941.889924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1564919                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.925321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21996042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1565431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.051109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.116583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.808738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14034405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14034405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7888659                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7888659                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21923064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21923064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21923064                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21923064                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2288012                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2288012                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       259310                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       259310                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2547322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2547322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2547322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2547322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97534857374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97534857374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15535910515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15535910515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113070767889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 113070767889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113070767889                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 113070767889                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16322417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16322417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8147969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8147969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24470386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24470386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24470386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24470386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42628.647653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42628.647653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59912.500540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59912.500540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44388.093806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44388.093806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44388.093806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44388.093806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       786386                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           786386                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       940603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       940603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       942854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       942854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       942854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       942854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1347409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1347409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       257059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       257059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1604468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1604468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1604468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1604468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40215234214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40215234214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14498247839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14498247839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54713482053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54713482053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54713482053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54713482053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    197090378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    197090378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    313940738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    313940738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    511031116                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    511031116                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29846.345255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29846.345255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56400.467749                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56400.467749                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34100.700078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34100.700078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34100.700078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34100.700078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               232951820                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17390450                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17390450                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1863055                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13341731                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9473811                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     58673869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80550664                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17390450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9473811                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25305167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7627095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1836884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      95222818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        21644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       267208                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          970                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12268526                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1158098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          26353                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    186952155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.787275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.204978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       162488567     86.91%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1422012      0.76%     87.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1454282      0.78%     88.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2233478      1.19%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2117450      1.13%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1695885      0.91%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1717249      0.92%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1686878      0.90%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12136354      6.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    186952155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.345783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        61194036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     96337166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22389361                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1407997                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5623595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     143259967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          363                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5623595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        63369943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       74496007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12353817                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21455021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9653772                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     138980929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       154323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3028323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5539619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       226702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    156952303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    361779449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    360143864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1635585                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113900873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43051485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       384620                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       384271                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20693825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22614475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10707654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3089923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1924906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         133017220                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       468205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        121587638                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       394107                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     31706793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     49868404                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       155709                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    186952155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.650368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    134457245     71.92%     71.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20670313     11.06%     82.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13709037      7.33%     90.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7461361      3.99%     94.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5293461      2.83%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2973680      1.59%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1734164      0.93%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555212      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97682      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    186952155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         280364     45.61%     45.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6334      1.03%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        220543     35.88%     82.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       107446     17.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       839294      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89874277     73.92%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421111      0.35%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20615979     16.96%     91.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9836977      8.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     121587638                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.521943                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             614687                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005056                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    430652039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164387627                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117743834                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1088271                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       872472                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504667                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     120820798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         542233                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3773112                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5624474                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        31818                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        72379                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2558669                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21319                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5623595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       53280689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       890698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133485425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1197048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22614475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10707654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       443239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        423313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        26935                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        72379                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       902709                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146525                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2049234                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119566455                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20103294                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2021183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29761109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13244224                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9657815                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.513267                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             118480802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            118248501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         80387243                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        130529680                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.507609                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.615854                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     33759740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312495                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1896787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    181372455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.590080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149415927     82.38%     82.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12753539      7.03%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4531640      2.50%     91.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5095940      2.81%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2130923      1.17%     95.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1133451      0.62%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       642453      0.35%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       779466      0.43%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4889116      2.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    181372455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55296965                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99719494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25138992                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16990008                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9517                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11725307                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99192465                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4889116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           309833927                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          272609093                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 923249                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               45999665                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            55210293                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55296965                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99719494                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55296965                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.212742                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.212742                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.237375                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.237375                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       243241116                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      131794972                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           834514                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          435461                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57829617                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360532                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2119352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       375936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320207400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52400833                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375171123                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320207400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320207400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36460923                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45366336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40025925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8262333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48604296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5008920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5149290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       158486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             546010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22086243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3917713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3336953148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          546080836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3909742435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3336953148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3336953148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     81827787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          10977520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         379967458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            472772765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     81986273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11523529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22086243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3917713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3336953148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         926048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4382515200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               88503957                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12516                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2525938                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                85978019                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4575                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          7941                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                437                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      288162747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30262069                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56575477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56136811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380894                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4680126                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56136811                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380894                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145390910                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63606339                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636968                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13264627                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8263135                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5001492                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             221819094.060981                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66343652.939019                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.230230                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.769770                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
