
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55863                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    99600                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30418742                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536302                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              305856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6136314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    464387450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1047337246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    464387450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464606604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277229884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6136314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    464387450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1324567130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1285                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.689981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614244000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.689981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230232840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    230232840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231116840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    231116840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231116840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    231116840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42095.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42095.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179869.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179869.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       993600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9285.981308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214825876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214825876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215443876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215443876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215443876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215443876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167832.715625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167832.715625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           278                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1791.829384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              97                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.348921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           62.453714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.971478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.571044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.450209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1165.852147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    512.530924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.284632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.437458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7898652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3110047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222459673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103590007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337058379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32864741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32864741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7898652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3110047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222459673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136454748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       369923120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7898652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3110047                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222459673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136454748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      369923120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.401969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820312                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.820779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.421147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.421147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111248.619718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111073.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103421.512320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107570.100727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104514.226047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104332.511111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104002.344937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111248.619718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111073.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103421.512320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106772.103286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104468.545609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111248.619718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111073.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103421.512320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106772.103286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104468.545609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7253052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2955647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210577627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98315808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319102134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31116641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31116641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7253052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2955647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210577627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129432449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350218775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7253052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2955647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210577627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129432449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350218775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7066103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7066103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10249247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10249247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.419363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105116.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105558.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97897.548582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102093.258567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99377.805668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98782.987302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98782.987302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105116.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105558.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97897.548582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101277.346635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99324.666761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105116.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105558.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97897.548582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101277.346635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99324.666761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1779.200521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.295045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.588378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.451551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1195.009673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    530.856010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     38                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     38                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7003452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2860847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94908308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      307678131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29875230                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29875230                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7003452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2860847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124783538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337553361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7003452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2860847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124783538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337553361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102991.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102173.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95755.320434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99069.215031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96602.238932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95448.019169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95144.044586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102991.941176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102173.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95755.320434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98177.449253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96471.380680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102991.941176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102173.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95755.320434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98177.449253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96471.380680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6061021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2471440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173138835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81555799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263227095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25431510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25431510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6061021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2471440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173138835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106987309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288658605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6061021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2471440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173138835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106987309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288658605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89132.661765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88265.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81707.803209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85131.314196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82958.428932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81250.830671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81250.830671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89132.661765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88265.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81707.803209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84175.695515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82805.107573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89132.661765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88265.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81707.803209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84175.695515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82805.107573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3617                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               426.022671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.040365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.252900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.769771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.832076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25340                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4838                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315571802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315571802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315571802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    315571802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315571802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    315571802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65241.224313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65227.739148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65241.224313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65227.739148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65241.224313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65227.739148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245647270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245647270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245647270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245647270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245647270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245647270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59521.994185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59521.994185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.016497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.392523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598746990300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.881318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.688531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          387                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          387                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4527107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4527107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4527107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.241176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.241176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.241176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37725.891667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.747967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37725.891667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.747967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37725.891667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.747967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4142428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4142428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4142428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34520.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34520.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2471                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.911708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.277620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619515300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.090561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36492816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36492816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36492816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36492816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36492816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36492816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14708.914148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14667.530547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14708.914148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14667.530547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14708.914148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14667.530547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28840226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28840226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28840226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28840226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28840226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28840226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11624.436114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11624.436114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1157                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               424.439322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.191011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598702110300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.503986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   423.935335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.827999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.828983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17374                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17375                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49501                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49502                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2803                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2805                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214520424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214520424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36831688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36831688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251352112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251352112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251352112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251352112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022339                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89123.566265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89086.554817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93009.313131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92775.032746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89672.533714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89608.596078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89672.533714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89608.596078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110379935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110379935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34436093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34436093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144816028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144816028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144816028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144816028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3329950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3329950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7331889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7331889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10661839                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10661839                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85965.681464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85965.681464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89444.397403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89444.397403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           43885                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        43885                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32872                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17784                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200453                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              43885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17784                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62119                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          26992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             62                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       451161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.865276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.336694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390344     86.52%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2824      0.63%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2442      0.54%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3328      0.74%     88.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4950      1.10%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3655      0.81%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5746      1.27%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2840      0.63%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35032      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       451161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239550                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         19937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        375374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         19937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53488                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        357394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       394471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       893442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       893292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          150510                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1049                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1046                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            35754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1394                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            332727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296477                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       161700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          814                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       451161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.657142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341123     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36736      8.14%     83.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23379      5.18%     88.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18026      4.00%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12936      2.87%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9777      2.17%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6468      1.43%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2260      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          456      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       451161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            729     47.43%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           420     27.33%     74.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          388     25.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3231      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228169     76.96%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41765     14.09%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23302      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296477                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338085                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1537                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048109                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       443209                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17842                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9496                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         19937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93847                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287871                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39649                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29509                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22274                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328271                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185831                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295254                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322478                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629394                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       431313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.428940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       356775     82.72%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27615      6.40%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13817      3.20%     92.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11831      2.74%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6867      1.59%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3441      0.80%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2002      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2792      0.65%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6173      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       431313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117625                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47508                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29690                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23983                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6173                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              759370                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             688903                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 425770                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.455311                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.455311                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134133                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134133                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558939                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309227                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126398                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.046719                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2046719082150                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9645782235660                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29939                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    52084                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30518012                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5022616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 67065.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007892337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3493090230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1494912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4341888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       841984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     59933952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    314222848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           380839232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     59933952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       59933952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    175886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        175886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       936468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4909732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5950613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2748220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2748220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       730394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2121389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       411382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29282940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    153525147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              186073035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29282940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29282940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         85935623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              85935623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         85935623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       730394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2121389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       411382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29282940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    153525147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             272008659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23776                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         31                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.818241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.170350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23360                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23431                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23708                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23821                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2031516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16752516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4201689080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5545000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4207234080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4216410080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7576516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4223986596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4216410080                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7576516                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4223986596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.970149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42301.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48369.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42955.169231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179866.827055                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78098.591549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179558.451624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177847.565379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67048.814159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177321.967843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177847.565379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67048.814159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177321.967843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     29153300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2776                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10501.909222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23406                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23406                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10399100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1511400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3920234872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4673600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3924908472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3930633972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3936818972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3930633972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3936818972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29882.471264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30539.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167818.273630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65825.352113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167509.217362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165793.570609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54734.513274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165266.738256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165793.570609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54734.513274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165266.738256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          365                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1495040                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          365                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      20005352                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4024.034453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        87439633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      20009358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.369937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627176104600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1008.421638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.007726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.119028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    45.669494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    917.223707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1909.589871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.246197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.223932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.466208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30251552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2333081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11579964                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19179940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               63344537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        27926523                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             27926523                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1025403                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1025403                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14586343                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             14586343                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30251552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2333081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11579964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     33766283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                77930880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30251552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2333081                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11579964                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     33766283                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               77930880                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417764                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4529890                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11078390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16171156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3790297                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3790297                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4529890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14868687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19961453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417764                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4529890                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14868687                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19961453                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14575274749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4280869376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 174369175052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 468935829919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   662161149096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96297189                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     96297189                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 253629313354                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 253629313354                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14575274749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4280869376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 174369175052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 722565143273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    915790462450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14575274749                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4280869376                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 174369175052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 722565143273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   915790462450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30669316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16109854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30258330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           79515693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     27926523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         27926523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1033389                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1033389                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18376640                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18376640                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30669316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16109854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48634970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            97892333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30669316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16109854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48634970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           97892333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.203371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007728                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007728                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.206256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.203912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.203912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34888.776316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29500.450521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38493.026332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42328.879009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40947.050977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12058.250563                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12058.250563                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66915.419386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66915.419386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34888.776316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29500.450521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38493.026332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48596.432440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45877.945982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34888.776316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29500.450521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38493.026332                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48596.432440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45877.945982                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7505284                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7505284                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4529882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11078349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16171031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3790297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3790297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4529882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14868646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19961328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4529882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14868646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19961328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12302963976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3477372045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 148731253736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 406960990595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 571472580352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    648858822                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    648858822                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 232451239912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 232451239912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12302963976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3477372045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 148731253736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 639412230507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 803923820264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12302963976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3477372045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 148731253736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 639412230507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 803923820264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102035064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102035064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    234143773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    234143773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    336178837                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    336178837                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.366126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007728                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007728                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.203911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29451.881656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23970.469535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32833.361605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36734.805032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35339.279255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81249.539444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81249.539444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61327.975067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61327.975067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29451.881656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23970.469535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32833.361605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43004.065771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40274.064945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29451.881656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23970.469535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32833.361605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43004.065771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40274.064945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5901471                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32201.707229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17747426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5933874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.990867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625726485238                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11532.525517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.073935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.053438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   493.217777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   127.327473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6275.150860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13773.349899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.351945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.191502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.420329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       349889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3593413                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8318789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12394004                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7505284                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7505284                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1385                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1385                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1639849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1639849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       349889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3593413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9958638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14033853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       349889                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131913                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3593413                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9958638                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14033853                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2759560                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3777027                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6652                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2150397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2150397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4909957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5927424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4909957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5927424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6327618802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1245640296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87504734738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 258191396425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   353269390261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52005755                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     52005755                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 199611345012                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 199611345012                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6327618802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1245640296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87504734738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457802741437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    552880735273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6327618802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1245640296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87504734738                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457802741437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   552880735273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4529882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11078349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16171031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7505284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7505284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8037                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8037                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3790246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3790246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4529882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14868595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19961277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4529882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14868595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19961277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.162406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.233567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.827672                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.827672                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.567350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.162406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.296946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.162406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.296946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93269.933109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.296747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.144061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93562.523165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93531.073583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7818.062989                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7818.062989                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92825.345744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92825.345744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93269.933109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.296747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.144061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93239.664102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.044146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93269.933109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94682.296747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.144061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93239.664102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.044146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2724814                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2724814                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2759560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3777027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6652                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2150397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2150397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4909957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5927424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4909957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5927424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5376133803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1061748771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74298600624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219315887178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 300052370376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    520636711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520636711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168787779634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 168787779634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5376133803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1061748771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74298600624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388103666812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 468840150010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5376133803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1061748771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74298600624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388103666812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 468840150010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91118933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91118933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    205655647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    205655647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    296774580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    296774580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.162406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.827672                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827672                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.162406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.296946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.162406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79244.919121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80704.528048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79339.092510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79474.947882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79441.415265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78267.695580                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78267.695580                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78491.450478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78491.450478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79244.919121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80704.528048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79339.092510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79044.208903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79096.779648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79244.919121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80704.528048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79339.092510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79044.208903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79096.779648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9568                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2720                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6848                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              16109948                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               478714975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              16110460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.714544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    478709982                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      478709982                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    478709982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       478709982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    478709982                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      478709982                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17346302                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17346302                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17346302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      17346302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17346302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     17346302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 411850986408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 411850986408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 411850986408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 411850986408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 411850986408                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 411850986408                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496056284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    496056284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496056284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    496056284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496056284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    496056284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23742.869599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23742.869599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23742.869599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23742.869599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23742.869599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23742.869599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9300697                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            234                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39746.568376                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1236269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1236269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1236269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1236269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1236269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1236269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16110033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16110033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16110033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16110033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16110033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16110033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315675565835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 315675565835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315675565835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 315675565835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315675565835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 315675565835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19594.967052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19594.967052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19594.967052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19594.967052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19594.967052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19594.967052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2478320                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8785663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2478336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.544985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8785439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8785439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8785439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8785439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8785439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8785439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2478523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2478523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2478523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38734637382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38734637382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38734637382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38734637382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38734637382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38734637382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11263962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11263962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11263962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11263962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11263962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11263962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15628.112945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15628.112945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15628.112945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15628.112945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15628.112945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15628.112945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1388                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1388                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2478523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2478523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2478523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  30906249978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30906249978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  30906249978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30906249978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  30906249978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30906249978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12469.624037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12469.624037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12469.624037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12469.624037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12469.624037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12469.624037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30675843                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      60889376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30675859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.984928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60888975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     60888975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60888975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     60888975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60888975                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     60888975                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30683573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30683573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30683573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30683573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30683573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30683573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393818771178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 393818771178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393818771178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 393818771178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393818771178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 393818771178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91572548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91572548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91572548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     91572548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91572548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     91572548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12834.840687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12834.840687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12834.840687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12834.840687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12834.840687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12834.840687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        36427                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        36427                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30683573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30683573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30683573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30683573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30683573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30683573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298092526251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 298092526251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298092526251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 298092526251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 298092526251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 298092526251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.335074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9715.052620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9715.052620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9715.052620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9715.052620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9715.052620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9715.052620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              48635074                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               975006061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              48635586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.047174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    726457084                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      726457084                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    247321427                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     247321427                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    973778511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       973778511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    973778511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      973778511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47394291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47394291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19434908                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19434908                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66829199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66829199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66829199                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66829199                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1483191989833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1483191989833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 533173926224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 533173926224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2016365916057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2016365916057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2016365916057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2016365916057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    773851375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    773851375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    266756335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    266756335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1040607710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1040607710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1040607710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1040607710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072856                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072856                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31294.739483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31294.739483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27433.828152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27433.828152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30171.930028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30171.930028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30171.930028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30171.930028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     27888708                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         27888708                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17131304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17131304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17168494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17168494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17168494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17168494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30262987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30262987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19397718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19397718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49660705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     49660705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49660705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     49660705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 717711386102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 717711386102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 459973744051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 459973744051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1177685130153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1177685130153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1177685130153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1177685130153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    106385627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    106385627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    245153872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    245153872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    351539499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351539499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23715.814506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23715.814506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23712.776114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23712.776114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23714.627695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23714.627695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23714.627695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23714.627695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6146303550                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       583728848                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    583728848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     62407090                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    420655549                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       339141192                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1922886700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3220420837                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          583728848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    339141192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            952473393                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      321025847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81033024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2138334082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        80536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1775921                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2206                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        496056499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30591004                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1168408                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5353954819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.054557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.501615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4417219057     82.50%     82.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        58947976      1.10%     83.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57142261      1.07%     84.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84111477      1.57%     86.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64273112      1.20%     87.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77604259      1.45%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58371805      1.09%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65137513      1.22%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       471147359      8.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5353954819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.094972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.523961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1986188012                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2195270371                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        875591622                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     39535857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     257368957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5513652544                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     257368957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2072021815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1786764854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     37745999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        821660027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    378393167                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5358118575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2835040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      55186357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    305063540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1728231                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6008867275                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13498225534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13452642176                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45583358                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3949059597                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2059807591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1895597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1893022                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        791078848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1046209725                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    405583157                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     64520500                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40537517                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5127017796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3598744                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4508948900                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9547515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1585638269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2349966836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1497525                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5353954819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.842172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.474158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3494653780     65.27%     65.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    695471668     12.99%     78.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    462976471      8.65%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    280301796      5.24%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    192738295      3.60%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126506173      2.36%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70900010      1.32%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25518211      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4888415      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5353954819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6300187     31.85%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        24318      0.12%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8739294     44.19%     76.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4714520     23.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31155022      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3234020190     71.72%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7040915      0.16%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    896032153     19.87%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    340700620      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4508948900                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.733603                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19778319                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004386                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14397949425                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6693521020                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4366244327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27543073                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23469096                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12821971                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4483842810                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13729387                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     99627345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    341570135                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       850621                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       772735                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    138830256                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       219268                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7041                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     257368957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1273146787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     26444046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5130616540                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30309976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1046209725                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    405583169                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3173449                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8274138                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3085058                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       772735                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42683388                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24271033                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     66954421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4439484960                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    873768517                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     69463938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1208349834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       428061330                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         334581317                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.722302                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4392366114                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4379066298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3054804630                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4720949198                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.712472                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647074                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1654639676                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2101219                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62603642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5096969815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.682376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.723261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3997753179     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    391705748      7.69%     86.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    169036749      3.32%     89.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    206131734      4.04%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76132676      1.49%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44897929      0.88%     95.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33235940      0.65%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23168050      0.45%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    154907810      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5096969815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759614                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3478049267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             971392489                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            704639572                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183930                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         365231223                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10266264                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3456341833                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    154907810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10074243557                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10523788258                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               15933088                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              792348731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3478049267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.073521                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.073521                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.325360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.325360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8642354248                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4878516274                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12212219                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9320671                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2140436127                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1802418                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74236000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12497488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           86991952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74236000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74236000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9061774                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10296038                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9279500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1945494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11257074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1220227                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1239548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        85780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        38141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           36270732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6106108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              42503123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      36270732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         36270732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       602377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4427463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5030509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       603553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        85780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        38141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          36270732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10533572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             47533631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9568                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6848                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2720                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6145337650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7056933                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13134721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13080328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1025571                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13080328                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33938920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15023785                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3172936                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1949911                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1223025                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6129979661.839109                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15357988.160891                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002499                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997501                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
