
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 172792                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   310353                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               91153609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        51584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              248704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        49472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            49472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    177891769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    430383311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              857676691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    430383311                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         430824730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        170608359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             170608359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        170608359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    177891769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    430383311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1028285050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      793                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.239286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064667000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.239286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.514955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.514955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            813                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    141094896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141094896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    141646896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    141646896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    141646896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    141646896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42461.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42461.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173548.457565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173548.457565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171485.346247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171485.346247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171485.346247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171485.346247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       986100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  85                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11601.176471                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            780                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 780                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       393200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131503392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131503392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131896592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131896592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131896592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131896592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30246.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30246.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161750.789668                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161750.789668                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159681.104116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159681.104116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159681.104116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159681.104116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           198                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1672.622129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.368687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           80.699356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.389388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.204273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1100.056677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    456.272512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.268569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.111395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.408355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4974                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             609                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  609                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  109                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5083                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3049542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203489025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85402162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      292773298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28831126                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28831126                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3049542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203489025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114233288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       321604424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3049542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203489025                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114233288                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      321604424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          609                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              609                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.501141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.598529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.363206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719794                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.719794                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.501141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.625500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.380122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.501141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.625500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.380122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105156.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92507.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102980.275810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104916.660934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103198.201621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102968.307143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102968.307143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105156.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92507.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102980.275810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104417.996344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103177.550209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105156.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92507.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102980.275810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104417.996344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103177.550209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2890742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192578893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80947850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277200023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27276326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27276326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2890742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192578893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108224176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    304476349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2890742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192578893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108224176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    304476349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242860                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242860                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.501141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.598529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.501141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.625500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.501141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.625500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99680.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97458.953947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99444.533170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98019.810113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97415.450000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97415.450000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99680.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97458.953947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98925.206581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97965.363256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99680.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97458.953947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98925.206581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97965.363256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1646.009237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.033500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.957388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.961092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1128.835780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    479.221555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     35                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     35                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          806                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2802                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2791442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185560046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78000533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      267092859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26244119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26244119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2791442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185560046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104244652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       293336978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2791442                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185560046                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104244652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      293336978                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96256.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95158.997949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96774.854839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95322.219486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94064.942652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94064.942652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96256.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95158.997949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96078.020276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95208.366764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96256.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95158.997949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96078.020276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95208.366764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2389183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158142257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66749916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227910181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22263511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22263511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2389183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158142257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89013427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250173692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2389183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158142257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89013427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250173692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82385.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81098.593333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82816.272953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81600.494450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79797.530466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79797.530466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82385.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81098.593333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82040.024885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81436.748698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82385.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81098.593333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82040.024885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81436.748698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3433                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               418.182152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   26271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.652491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971192215554                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.447199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   417.734954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.815889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.816762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30435                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4594                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4596                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4594                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4596                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291584855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291584855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291584855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    291584855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291584855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    291584855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63470.799956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63443.179939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63470.799956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63443.179939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63470.799956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63443.179939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227598793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227598793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227598793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227598793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227598793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227598793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57722.240172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57722.240172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57722.240172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57722.240172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57722.240172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57722.240172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           69                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.584829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           69                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs               2                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.333733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.251095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           80                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1975952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1975952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1975952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1975952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1975952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1975952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.285185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.293040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.285185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.293040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.285185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.293040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25661.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24699.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25661.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24699.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25661.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24699.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1734119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1734119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1734119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1734119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1734119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1734119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.285185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.285185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.285185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22521.025974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22521.025974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22521.025974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22521.025974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22521.025974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22521.025974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2410                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.336418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.107469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.271679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31804240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31804240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31804240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31804240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31804240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31804240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.873919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.873919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.873919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13125.976063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13109.744435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13125.976063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13109.744435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13125.976063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13109.744435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24340403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24340403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24340403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24340403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24340403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24340403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10045.564589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10045.564589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10045.564589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10045.564589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10045.564589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10045.564589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1256                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               356.289790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.039809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.249947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   356.039844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.695390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.695878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20682                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20682                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    207404977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207404977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32822097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32822097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    240227074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240227074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    240227074                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240227074                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76987.742019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76959.175139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81850.615960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81850.615960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77617.794507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77592.724160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77617.794507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77592.724160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          609                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              609                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94299776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94299776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30397200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30397200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124696976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124696976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124696976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124696976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3320788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3320788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10649285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10649285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69338.070588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69338.070588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77941.538462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77941.538462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71255.414857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71255.414857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71255.414857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71255.414857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  826842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48932                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48932                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        36210                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21509                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                227550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           14                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          350                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4380                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             25                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       458640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.947471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.423476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390537     85.15%     85.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3057      0.67%     85.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2833      0.62%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3818      0.83%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6184      1.35%     88.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4087      0.89%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6245      1.36%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3302      0.72%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38577      8.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       458640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.275204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177152                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1826                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20132                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        417967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20132                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106981                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        397239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          104                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       435914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       994787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       994697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          151185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1339                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37089                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30438                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334048                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       156163                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          996                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       458640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.728345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.495419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       335880     73.23%     73.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40416      8.81%     82.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26030      5.68%     87.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19854      4.33%     92.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14732      3.21%     95.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10795      2.35%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7890      1.72%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2577      0.56%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          466      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       458640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            865     51.73%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           409     24.46%     76.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          398     23.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4137      1.24%      1.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       258459     77.37%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44866     13.43%     92.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26576      7.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334048                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.404005                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1672                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005005                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1130917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       479429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       318802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        331569                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16506                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9309                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20132                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92955                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          932                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30438                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1751                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1848                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6521                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324233                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42658                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68183                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33696                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25525                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.392134                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                319601                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               318811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           207580                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           338389                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.385577                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613436                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       438656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.577240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.541890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       353405     80.57%     80.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30685      7.00%     87.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16332      3.72%     91.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13212      3.01%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8066      1.84%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3445      0.79%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2253      0.51%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2846      0.65%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8412      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       438656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133864                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54300                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33172                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27938                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251166                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8412                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              800499                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761281                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 368202                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2202                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.176732                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.176732                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.161898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.161898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          643418                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         347853                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139600                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003779                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003778548316                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975281326725                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 131412                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   248018                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5734233388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4564712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3488.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   458427520                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     865207039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2558784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        28096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       578240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7882944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       578240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         578240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9033024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          9033024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             39981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       123171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               189328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         141141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              141141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              127915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        28907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       394073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 605735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        28907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             28907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           451566                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                451566                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           451566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             127915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        28907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       394073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1057301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    92836                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.850250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    92848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.435443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.784078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.924005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4633                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4633                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68337                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           68597                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74270                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          90910                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        142607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           159507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       142607                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          159507                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2768915412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2779982412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927642920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4997356000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7924998920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938709920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7766271412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10704981332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938709920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7766271412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10704981332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        78903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        95543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       158022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         174922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       158022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        174922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.864171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.911875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.911875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42565.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40518.539181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40526.297243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175940.079327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67286.333648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87174.116379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173888.160947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54459.258045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67112.925025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173888.160947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54459.258045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67112.925025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21671400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1897                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11424.037955                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          57248                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               57248                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        90910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       142607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       159507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       142607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       159507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7879800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1917631679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1925511479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727095744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4080631201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6807726945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734975544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5998262880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8733238424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734975544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5998262880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8733238424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941282                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30306.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28061.396886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28069.907999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163887.965385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54943.196459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74884.247553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161832.872426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42061.489829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54751.443034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161832.872426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42061.489829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54751.443034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1517470                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4020.474920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        18839614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1521462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         12.382573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1143.544482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.006701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.004184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    42.401393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    13.141397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2181.771243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    638.605508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.279186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.532659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.155910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2646618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246842                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10861452                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2565852                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               16320764                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2776082                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2776082                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        98816                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               98816                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       604466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               604466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2646618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10861452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3170318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                16925230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2646618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246842                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10861452                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3170318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               16925230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       769967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       459703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1257822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31572                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             31572                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       285376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             285376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       769967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       745079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1543198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       769967                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       745079                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1543198                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    485658095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    160530963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17433862740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13609974888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    31690026686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1042290565                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1042290565                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16798774693                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16798774693                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    485658095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    160530963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17433862740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30408749581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     48488801379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    485658095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    160530963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17433862740                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30408749581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    48488801379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2667857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       253755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11631419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3025555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17578586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2776082                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2776082                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       130388                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          130388                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       889842                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           889842                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2667857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       253755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11631419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3915397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            18468428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2667857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       253755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11631419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3915397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           18468428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.151940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.071554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242139                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.242139                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.320704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.190295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.083559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.190295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.083559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22866.335279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23221.606104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22642.350568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29606.017120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25194.365090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33013.130780                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33013.130780                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58865.408069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58865.408069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22866.335279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23221.606104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22642.350568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40812.785733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31420.985109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22866.335279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23221.606104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22642.350568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40812.785733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31420.985109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              483308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   483308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       769952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       459670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1257774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31572                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        31572                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       285376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        285376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       769952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       745046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1543150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       769952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       745046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1543150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    371907587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122271498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13052871299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11052987535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24600037919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1765554214                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1765554214                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15196263548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15196263548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    371907587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122271498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13052871299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26249251083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39796301467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    371907587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122271498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13052871299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26249251083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39796301467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4482857612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4482857612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8695426166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8695426166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13178283778                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13178283778                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.151929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242139                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242139                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.190286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.083556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.190286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17510.597815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17687.183278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16952.837708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24045.483793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19558.392779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55921.519511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55921.519511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53249.970383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53249.970383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17510.597815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17687.183278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16952.837708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35231.718690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25789.003964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17510.597815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17687.183278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16952.837708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35231.718690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25789.003964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        108099                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31978.085776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1560111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        140277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.121645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21577.864166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.259835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.022277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.244223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.041734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   118.372201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    43.211883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4368.035630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5868.033825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.658504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.133302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.179078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.975894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20800                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6787                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       760916                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       375863                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1164366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          483308                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               483308                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          486                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 486                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       144459                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               144459                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       760916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       520322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1308825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20800                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       760916                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       520322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1308825                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9036                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        83807                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                93408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52993                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             52993                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       119010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             119010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       202817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                212418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       202817                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               212418                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40868312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11758864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    844685781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4393059210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5290372167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    803610851                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    803610851                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10467740605                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10467740605                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40868312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11758864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    844685781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14860799815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15758112772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40868312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11758864                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    844685781                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14860799815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15758112772                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       769952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       459670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1257774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       483308                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           483308                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53479                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           53479                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       263469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           263469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       769952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       723139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1521243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       769952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       723139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1521243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.074265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990912                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.990912                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.451704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.280468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.139634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.280468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.139634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93094.104784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93324.317460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93480.055445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52418.762275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56637.249133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15164.471742                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15164.471742                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87956.815436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87956.815436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93094.104784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93324.317460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93480.055445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73271.963470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74184.451280                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93094.104784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93324.317460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93480.055445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73271.963470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74184.451280                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               83893                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    83893                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           93408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52993                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        52993                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       119010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        119010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       202817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           212418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       202817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          212418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34717743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9993748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    717300457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3215227716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3977239664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2915386050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2915386050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8750687173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8750687173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34717743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9993748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    717300457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11965914889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12727926837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34717743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9993748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    717300457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11965914889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12727926837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3995879106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3995879106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7745859874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7745859874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11741738980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11741738980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990912                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990912                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.280468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.280468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79083.697039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79315.460317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79382.520695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38364.667820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42579.218739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55014.550035                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55014.550035                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73529.007420                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73529.007420                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79083.697039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79315.460317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79382.520695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58998.579453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59919.248072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79083.697039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79315.460317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79382.520695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58998.579453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59919.248072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1266419                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1590082                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18274                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15429                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10569                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15424                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1142385                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33703                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2856501                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1685                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   506472                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   635913                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            914                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            771                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10032                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11631477                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33700959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11631989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.897265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33695997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33695997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33695997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33695997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33695997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33695997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12138500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12138500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12138500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12138500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12138500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12138500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165741306593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 165741306593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165741306593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 165741306593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165741306593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 165741306593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45834497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45834497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45834497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     45834497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45834497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     45834497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.264833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.264833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.264833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.264833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13654.183515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13654.183515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13654.183515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13654.183515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13654.183515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13654.183515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        90407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30135.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       506773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       506773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       506773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       506773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       506773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       506773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11631727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11631727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11631727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11631727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11631727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11631727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119105109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 119105109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119105109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 119105109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119105109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 119105109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.253777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.253777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.253777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10239.675415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10239.675415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10239.675415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10239.675415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10239.675415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10239.675415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       253900                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        272134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       253916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.071748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972579160300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       271752                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       271752                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       271752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       271752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       271752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       271752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       254108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       254108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       254108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4422216035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4422216035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4422216035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4422216035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4422216035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4422216035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       525860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       525860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       525860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       525860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       525860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       525860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.483224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.483224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.483224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.483224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.483224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.483224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17402.899692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17402.899692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17402.899692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17402.899692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17402.899692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17402.899692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       254108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       254108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       254108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3642164629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3642164629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3642164629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3642164629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3642164629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3642164629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.483224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.483224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.483224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14333.136418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14333.136418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14333.136418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14333.136418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14333.136418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14333.136418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2669246                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        345802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2669262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.129550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345290                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       345290                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       345290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345290                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       345290                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2670591                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2670591                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2670591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2670591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2670591                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2670591                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44811049015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44811049015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44811049015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  44811049015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44811049015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  44811049015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3015881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3015881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3015881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3015881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3015881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3015881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16779.450322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16779.450322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16779.450322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16779.450322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16779.450322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16779.450322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6071                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6071                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2670591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2670591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2670591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2670591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2670591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2670591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36676036444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36676036444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36676036444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36676036444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36676036444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36676036444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13733.303394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13733.303394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13733.303394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13733.303394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13733.303394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13733.303394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3884414                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               506.240343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                95457027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3884921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.571163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.240343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.988751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.988751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     58966541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       58966541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36325388                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36325388                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     95291929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        95291929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     95291929                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       95291929                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4729546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4729546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1029840                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1029840                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5759386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5759386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5759386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5759386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101154316191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 101154316191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32428383373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32428383373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133582699564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 133582699564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133582699564                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 133582699564                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63696087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63696087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37355228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37355228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101051315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101051315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101051315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101051315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21387.743388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21387.743388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31488.758810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31488.758810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23193.913303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23193.913303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23193.913303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23193.913303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2766570                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2766570                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1697367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1697367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        18574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1715941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1715941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1715941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1715941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3032179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3032179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1011266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1011266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4043445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4043445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4043445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4043445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51978777895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51978777895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28525999301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28525999301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80504777196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80504777196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80504777196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80504777196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4679941492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4679941492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9053585768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9053585768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13733527260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13733527260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17142.384369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17142.384369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28208.205656                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28208.205656                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19909.947383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19909.947383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19909.947383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19909.947383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               757036291                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57166796                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57166796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7412698                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48345967                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29390667                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    393956209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             282359341                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57166796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29390667                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             90552182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26467790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2679599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     151567365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       203875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       312995                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           33                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         45834499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5263713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         108824                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    657798098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.268925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       570190043     86.68%     86.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6205581      0.94%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4446754      0.68%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6933790      1.05%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5353343      0.81%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6046876      0.92%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6178693      0.94%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4904533      0.75%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47538485      7.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    657798098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.372980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       386850779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    166799570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84037740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1584169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18525840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     528071977                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18525840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       391973269                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       48809862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    106363127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         80477080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11648920                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     511873897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        49346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        817379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7460862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        18053                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    562850173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1288924642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1278687574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10237068                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    427834456                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       135015835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2896914                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2915644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37855640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76822205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46872860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6922076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4112606                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         489272476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4038370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        461004217                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1104052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98346778                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    138449080                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1177937                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    657798098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.700829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.446874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    480328672     73.02%     73.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61970273      9.42%     82.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42137515      6.41%     88.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25684731      3.90%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20156653      3.06%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14005404      2.13%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8444619      1.28%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4178473      0.64%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       891758      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    657798098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         759965     29.51%     29.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       102897      4.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1007137     39.10%     72.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       705638     27.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3143394      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    339045982     73.55%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2778563      0.60%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72495408     15.73%     90.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43540870      9.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     461004217                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.608959                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2575637                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005587                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1577484620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    586600817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    444792825                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6935800                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5180699                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3145463                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     456934914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3501546                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6655353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16611702                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        83722                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       127923                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9445646                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       100746                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18525840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       39539379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       432749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    493310846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4074662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76822205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46872936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3517375                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        164680                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        12717                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       127923                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3104856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5110848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8215704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    453260128                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70481471                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7744089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113028008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45478993                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42546537                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.598730                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             448593214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            447938288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        288971863                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        450048775                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.591700                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642090                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    107672287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2860433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7438125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    639633657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.602596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.576669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    510990220     79.89%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     46560384      7.28%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     21634587      3.38%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23109162      3.61%     94.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11783369      1.84%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4818882      0.75%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3834493      0.60%     97.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3171478      0.50%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13731082      2.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    639633657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    204620892                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     385440890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              97637808                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60210514                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             422091                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40332311                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2547455                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        381709808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13731082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1118433177                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1004788067                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5703573                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               99238193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59313314333                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          204620892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            385440890                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    204620892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.699702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.699702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.270292                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.270292                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       898631884                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      484855119                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5605466                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2967927                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      209702878                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2628541                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2497586                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1211000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        72432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2705627448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       448164884                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3157579134                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2705627448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2705627448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2173923                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    301822869                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       306958200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            81281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       151375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        338203431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71034086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           409479950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           76972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        44911981                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45035225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             124856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          135255819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22404011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             157849135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     135255819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        135255819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            108676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15088293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15345011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            233531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         135255819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37492304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            173194146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1590082                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1266419                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15429                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18274                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11508                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18269                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1142385                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33703                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2856501                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1685                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  635913                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  506472                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           771                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           914                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9135                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073244882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 252725046                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   477841342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           473534743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2019358                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32753480                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  473534743                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2019358                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1210032539                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        531649150                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3371058                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1649439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   116018819                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71052315                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 44966504                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59511734285.899467                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             561510596.100533                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009347                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990653                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
