
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56656                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   100075                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30635207                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681277                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1203398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8860258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    205523232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    531962921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              751037135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    205523232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         205696962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8860258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    205523232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    531962921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             751037135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           502                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2193.811531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              90                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.179283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          307.597686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.208482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.087437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.322492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.385315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    546.264768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1300.945355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.075097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.133365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.317614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.535599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2648                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          203                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1316                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1316                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2648                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1200                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4584                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3634                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5211440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122592625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242160381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      371750956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       748961                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       748961                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73233543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73233543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5211440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122592625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315393924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       444984499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5211440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122592625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315393924                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      444984499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1316                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1316                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.692932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.451373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.491803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.808706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.808924                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.692932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.486387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.692932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.486387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102185.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105088.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102502.194816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102566.870394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102298.006604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24965.366667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24965.366667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103730.230878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103583.512023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102185.098039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105088.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102502.194816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102834.667101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102507.371343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102185.098039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105088.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102502.194816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102834.667101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102507.371343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4929140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115993443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229075827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351691820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1489990                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1489990                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69360943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69360943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4929140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115993443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298436770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    421052763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4929140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115993443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298436770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    421052763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.692932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491803                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491803                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.808706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.692932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.485266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.692932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96649.803922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99612.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96984.484114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97024.916137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97018.433103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49666.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49666.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98244.961756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98244.961756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96649.803922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99612.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96984.484114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97305.761330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97218.370584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96649.803922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99612.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96984.484114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97305.761330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97218.370584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1988.843500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.619216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.329891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.382155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.424801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    558.106656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1371.980810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.017032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2356                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4323                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4757540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1635210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111775289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221040582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339208621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66946643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66946643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4757540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1635210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111775289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287987225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       406155264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4757540                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1635210                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111775289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287987225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      406155264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.995853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.995853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96188.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94484.606086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93820.280985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93807.693861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94825.273371                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94691.149929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.098039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96188.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94484.606086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94052.000327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93952.177654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.098039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96188.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94484.606086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94052.000327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93952.177654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4043751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1399095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95158868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187878946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288480660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56946796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56946796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4043751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1399095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95158868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244825742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345427456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4043751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1399095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95158868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244825742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345427456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79289.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82299.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80438.603550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79744.883701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79978.003881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80661.184136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80661.184136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79289.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82299.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80438.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79956.153494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80089.834454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79289.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82299.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80438.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79956.153494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80089.834454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1218                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               351.742748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.692939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.409081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   351.333667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.686199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.686998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2083                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165798186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165798186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165798186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165798186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165798186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165798186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.060173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.060173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.060173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79595.864618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79557.670825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79595.864618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79557.670825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79595.864618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79557.670825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130725962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130725962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130725962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130725962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130725962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130725962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75739.259560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75739.259560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75739.259560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75739.259560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75739.259560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75739.259560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          212                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.629493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.231132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019267780000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.524869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.104624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.569039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.664343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1209                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1209                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4592156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4592156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4592156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4592156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4592156                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4592156                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.173051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18442.393574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18150.814229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18442.393574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18150.814229                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18442.393574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18150.814229                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3800062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3800062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3800062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3800062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3800062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3800062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15261.293173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15261.293173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15261.293173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15261.293173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15261.293173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15261.293173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2726                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.274047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.708731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125974000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.670466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.603582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2110                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2110                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2771                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2771                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2776                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33860314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33860314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33860314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33860314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33860314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33860314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.568154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.568154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12219.528690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12197.519452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12219.528690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12197.519452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12219.528690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12197.519452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25246452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25246452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25246452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25246452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25246452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25246452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.568061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9110.953446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9110.953446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9110.953446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9110.953446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9110.953446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9110.953446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3758                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               455.917199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   56451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.021554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.506825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   455.410374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.889473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.890463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21859                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21859                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66538                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8198                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          936                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9137                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714483070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714483070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81301442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81301442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    795784512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795784512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    795784512                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795784512                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041062                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87153.338619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87132.081707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86860.514957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86767.814301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87123.331728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87094.726059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87123.331728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87094.726059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256894766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256894766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77609992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77609992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334504758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334504758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334504758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334504758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040886                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040884                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75646.279741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75646.279741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83272.523605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83272.523605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77288.530037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77288.530037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77288.530037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77288.530037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57576                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57576                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37620                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24238                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       157665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                270186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84542                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        485594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1681                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             86                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       759762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.649671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.047521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          677331     89.15%     89.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8970      1.18%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5194      0.68%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3675      0.48%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5654      0.74%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5561      0.73%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5394      0.71%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3437      0.45%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44546      5.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       759762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244279                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          162298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       492916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4665                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        475412                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          171927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         395916                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        32163                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        453673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          321                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       542602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1181393                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1181393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       331112                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          211341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30834                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1936                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1036                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            427540                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2141                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           373772                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       147195                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       233494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          664                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       759762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.218893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       608559     80.10%     80.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57379      7.55%     87.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34483      4.54%     92.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22549      2.97%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16688      2.20%     97.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10756      1.42%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6633      0.87%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2270      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          445      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       759762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            826     35.01%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           808     34.25%     69.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          725     30.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3145      0.84%      0.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       282497     75.58%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59897     16.03%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        28233      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        373772                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337932                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2359                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1513425                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       576998                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       360700                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        372986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22748                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          126                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8039                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4056                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       429681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2120                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2093                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          126                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7602                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       365922                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57679                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85272                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37440                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27593                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330835                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                361677                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               360700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250095                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           399243                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326114                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626423                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6685                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       734989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       644376     87.67%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35531      4.83%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13505      1.84%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14797      2.01%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6996      0.95%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3334      0.45%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2742      0.37%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2231      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11477      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       734989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154827                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        275471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67027                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44232                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30375                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           275093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1152098                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             884295                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 346294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               275471                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.143819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.143819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139981                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139981                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          728884                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         419040                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169807                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.092238                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1092238344990                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6112005614595                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24897                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46498                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31798476                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4665004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34348.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855188458                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1597154931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3534272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       981056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11377088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            16118400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       981056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         981056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12065536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         12065536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       177767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               251850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         188524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              188524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        23028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3235807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       141918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       898207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10416305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14757219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       898207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            898207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11046615                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11046615                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11046615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        23028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3235807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       141918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       898207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10416305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25803833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105229                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.472351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.523104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020563570000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.356490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18675                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18675                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8117                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8117                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26792                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26792                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103850                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103877                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101144                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4595421764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4596516764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125335784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6700622000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6825957784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126430784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11296043764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11422474548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126430784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11296043764                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11422474548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40555.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44250.570669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44249.610251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72532.282407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67399.835037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67487.520604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72040.332764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55572.716362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55713.680784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72040.332764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55572.716362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55713.680784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       387900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10483.783784                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56786                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56786                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       752100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3312984268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3313736368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104534884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5472911703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5577446587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105286984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785895971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891182955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105286984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785895971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891182955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924516                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27855.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31901.629928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31900.578261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60494.724537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55050.612608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55143.622825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59992.583476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43223.637849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43367.181679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59992.583476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43223.637849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43367.181679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27822664                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4049.045494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        57861344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27826709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.079346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024324321300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          519.091776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.928825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.714001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2726.388825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    696.918697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.126731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.665622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.170146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17601758                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4606186                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21191232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8047253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51446429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8501418                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8501418                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       969039                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              969039                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1496138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1496138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17601758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4606186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21191232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9543391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                52942567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17601758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4606186                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21191232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9543391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               52942567                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6064122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25743035                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54073                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54073                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1857074                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1857074                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7921196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27600109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7921196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27600109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7429187308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3699649379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424316477213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152443624051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   587888937951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2236488889                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2236488889                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55471352528                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  55471352528                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7429187308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3699649379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424316477213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207914976579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    643360290479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7429187308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3699649379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424316477213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207914976579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   643360290479                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17930055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4776584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40371450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14111375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77189464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8501418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8501418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1023112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1023112                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3353212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3353212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17930055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4776584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40371450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17464587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80542676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17930055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4776584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40371450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17464587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80542676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.333505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052851                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052851                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.553819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.342677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.342677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22629.470595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21711.812222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22122.609723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25138.614304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22836.815393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41360.547575                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41360.547575                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29870.297321                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29870.297321                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22629.470595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21711.812222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22122.609723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26247.927280                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.063394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22629.470595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21711.812222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22122.609723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26247.927280                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.063394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3844046                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3844046                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1901                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6064122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25741134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54073                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54073                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1857074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1857074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7921196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27598208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7921196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27598208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5654511884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2761441558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315623567806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119097770852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 443137292100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2862462765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862462765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45036369787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45036369787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5654511884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2761441558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315623567806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164134140639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 488173661887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5654511884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2761441558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315623567806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164134140639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 488173661887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10241256567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10241256567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15346835691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15346835691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25588092258                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25588092258                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052851                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052851                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.342653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17286.693093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16273.257184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16455.681985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19639.738589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17215.142585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52937.006732                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52937.006732                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24251.252124                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24251.252124                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17286.693093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16273.257184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16455.681985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20720.878594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17688.599995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17286.693093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16273.257184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16455.681985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20720.878594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17688.599995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        196439                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32343.665392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29252692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        228933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        127.778398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18156.229494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.054321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   448.310496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   143.985158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5560.856467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8034.210761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.554084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.245185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324680                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168976                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19164881                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5910298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25568835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3844046                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3844046                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5050                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5050                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1670803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1670803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19164881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7581101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27239638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324680                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19164881                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7581101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27239638                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          716                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15337                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               172299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74508                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74508                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       160786                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             160786                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       314610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                333085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15337                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       314610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               333085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    224633420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66570123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1434443891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9208699885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10934347319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1874801055                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1874801055                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14451793964                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14451793964                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    224633420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66570123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1434443891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23660493849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25386141283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    224633420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66570123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1434443891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23660493849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25386141283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6064122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25741134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3844046                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3844046                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        79558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           79558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1831589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1831589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7895711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27572723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19180218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7895711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27572723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.936524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.936524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.087785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92747.076796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92975.032123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.323075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59865.169837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63461.467095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25162.412828                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25162.412828                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89882.166134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89882.166134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92747.076796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92975.032123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.323075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75205.790817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76215.204176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92747.076796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92975.032123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93528.323075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75205.790817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76215.204176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              131738                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   131738                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       153824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          172299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74508                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74508                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       160786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        160786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       314610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           333085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       314610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          333085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190687402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56504631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1218150780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7041538970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8506881783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3833114801                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3833114801                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12153086975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12153086975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190687402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56504631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1218150780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19194625945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20659968758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190687402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56504631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1218150780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19194625945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20659968758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9125889047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9125889047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13668355691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13668355691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22794244738                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22794244738                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.936524                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936524                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78731.379851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78917.082402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.623003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45776.595135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49372.786743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51445.681014                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51445.681014                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75585.479924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75585.479924                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78731.379851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78917.082402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.623003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61010.857713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62026.115730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78731.379851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78917.082402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.623003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61010.857713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62026.115730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33950949                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45781                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20802405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13148544                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22891                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22891                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21475                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40371475                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137927030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40371987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.416404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137905660                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137905660                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137905660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137905660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137905660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137905660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44416521                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44416521                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44416521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44416521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44416521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44416521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 962301471560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 962301471560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 962301471560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 962301471560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 962301471560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 962301471560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182322181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182322181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182322181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    182322181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182322181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    182322181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21665.394990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21665.394990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21665.394990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21665.394990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21665.394990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21665.394990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       325338                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40667.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4044943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4044943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4044943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4044943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4044943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4044943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40371578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40371578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40371578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40371578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40371578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40371578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 749940635271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 749940635271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 749940635271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 749940635271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 749940635271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 749940635271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18575.955472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18575.955472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18575.955472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18575.955472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18575.955472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18575.955472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4778088                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4423344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4778104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.925753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4422936                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4422936                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4422936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4422936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4422936                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4422936                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4778813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4778813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4778813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4778813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4778813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4778813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79988022891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79988022891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79988022891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79988022891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79988022891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79988022891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9201749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9201749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9201749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9201749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9201749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9201749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16738.052502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16738.052502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16738.052502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16738.052502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16738.052502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16738.052502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        30023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        30023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4778813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4778813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4778813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4778813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4778813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4778813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65353024458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65353024458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65353024458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65353024458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65353024458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65353024458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13675.576855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13675.576855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13675.576855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13675.576855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13675.576855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13675.576855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17934021                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5164394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17934037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.287966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5164286                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5164286                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5164286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5164286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5164286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5164286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17944960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17944960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17944960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17944960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17944960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17944960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285389646262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 285389646262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285389646262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 285389646262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285389646262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 285389646262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23109246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23109246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23109246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23109246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23109246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23109246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.776527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.776527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.776527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15903.610053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15903.610053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15903.610053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15903.610053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15903.610053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15903.610053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        23023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        23023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17944960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17944960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17944960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17944960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17944960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17944960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230606716639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 230606716639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230606716639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 230606716639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230606716639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 230606716639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12850.779084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12850.779084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12850.779084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12850.779084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12850.779084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12850.779084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17424859                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.832819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               280178631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17425369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.078777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.832819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180627049                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180627049                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98399573                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98399573                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    279026622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       279026622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    279026622                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      279026622                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21770483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21770483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4404651                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4404651                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26175134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26175134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26175134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26175134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 572608003012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 572608003012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114106834539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114106834539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 686714837551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 686714837551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 686714837551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 686714837551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202397532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202397532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102804224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102804224                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305201756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    305201756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305201756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    305201756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042845                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042845                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26302.034870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26302.034870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25905.987680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25905.987680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26235.389571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26235.389571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26235.389571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26235.389571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8448374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8448374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7649416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7649416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        55766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        55766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7705182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7705182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7705182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7705182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14121067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14121067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4348885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4348885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18469952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18469952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18469952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18469952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 316652390571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 316652390571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97757049931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97757049931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 414409440502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 414409440502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 414409440502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 414409440502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10692102673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10692102673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15947220210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15947220210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26639322883                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26639322883                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042303                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042303                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22424.112184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22424.112184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22478.646810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22478.646810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22436.952760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22436.952760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22436.952760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22436.952760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3240862523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       234356553                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    234356553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42921147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    199677876                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       105215940                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1436353871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1073305859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          234356553                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    105215940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            334066237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      158385299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85225189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     411903784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       753614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2089315                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        182322189                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29686657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1227304                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2384298037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.841536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.288958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2058905243     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19909701      0.84%     87.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14850341      0.62%     87.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26904228      1.13%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23086891      0.97%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28136554      1.18%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19938695      0.84%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        17043523      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       175522861      7.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2384298037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.331179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1500788835                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    454738419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        308344319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6520493                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     113905971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1942718018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1206                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     113905971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1522703625                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      153637187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    253382173                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        291793073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48876008                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1860589675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       727616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7939663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32535911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       203980                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2020439630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4627800068                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4627710465                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89603                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202781885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       817657881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6188038                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6220974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        149958404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    262810114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    161919364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17016941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15606350                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1723446570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8951586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1552282927                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8284667                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    591801238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    788691631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3288988                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2384298037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.423486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1804104604     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198692845      8.33%     84.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    125471578      5.26%     89.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     86207939      3.62%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70351720      2.95%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49571768      2.08%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36734099      1.54%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10955077      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2208407      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2384298037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4525182     42.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4106793     38.12%     80.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2142763     19.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18597320      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1151859101     74.20%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    238602429     15.37%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    143224077      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1552282927                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.478972                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10774738                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5514701008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2324623744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1474986595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40606                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24314                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20201                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1544440031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20314                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24548833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98571819                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       510403                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       472173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     59087027                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       201456                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     113905971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       86302717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2118583                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1732398156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29929072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    262810114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    161919393                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7864578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1051328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        78976                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       472173                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14252718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33796623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48049341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1505082176                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    227201708                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47200752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           364697570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158637710                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         137495862                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.464408                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1477951484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1475006796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        927553347                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1430032633                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.455128                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648624                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    649437656                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5662598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43164520                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2271295233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1916641858     84.39%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    127009180      5.59%     89.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57289611      2.52%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62606828      2.76%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33135439      1.46%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14815236      0.65%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11847750      0.52%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7793878      0.34%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     40155453      1.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2271295233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585960849                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082914092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267070703                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164238311                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577735                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125363571                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078346333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     40155453                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3962199378                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3579085681                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24776633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              856564486                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            33282770                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585960849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082914092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585960849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.530852                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.530852                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180804                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180804                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2878119327                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1585906220                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20201                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      709340835                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5307918                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2836906272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511219114                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3351915594                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2836906272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2836906272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356616328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364180764                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354613284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80981064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435831224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51442431                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51623753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2522556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       863987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2597332611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          468047214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3068849953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2597332611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2597332611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3446339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3479288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326500465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            333426093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3453027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6001844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       863987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2597332611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         794547679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3402276046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33950949                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45781                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13148544                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20802405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22891                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22891                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21364                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3279986505                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267824315                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511750738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510046044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36533015                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510046044                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1315341116                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564441179                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132638314                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81063665                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51574649                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2681425264.541533                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598561240.458468                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182489                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817511                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
