
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65800                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   117328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35862098                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535815                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              301312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    275476652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1031777308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466798145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    275476652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1294981332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.689037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614229000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.689037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221153848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    221153848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221980848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    221980848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221980848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    221980848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181869.940789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181869.940789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1273600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9575.939850                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       584200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       584200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    206510068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206510068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207094268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207094268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207094268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207094268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169827.358553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169827.358553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           279                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1847.244877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.379928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          128.325652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.941364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.565983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.338953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.042121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1170.388232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    499.642684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.031330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.121983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.450988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1054                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1054                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1152                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5466                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101693706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335958391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32753972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32753972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134447678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       368712363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134447678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      368712363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.378473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.656250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106709.030430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104076.329306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104312.012739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103980.863492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106114.978690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104067.841660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106114.978690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104067.841660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96473275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318241655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31012072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31012072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127485347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349253727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127485347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349253727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3188036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3188036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101231.138510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98955.738495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98764.560510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98764.560510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100619.847672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98938.732861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100619.847672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98938.732861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1783.861323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.306905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.427669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.117305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1201.397786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    529.611793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     49                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3493                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93043944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306635691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29866808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29866808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122910752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336502499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122910752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336502499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98459.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96456.650204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95421.111821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95117.222930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97703.300477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96336.243630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97703.300477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96336.243630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79863336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262260466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25416015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25416015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105279351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287676481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105279351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287676481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2837916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2837916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9154416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9154416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84511.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82810.377644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81201.325879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81201.325879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.655460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.655460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3319                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.805305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.726424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617288300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.300625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.504680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26097                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          112                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.991878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.151786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749479300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.857328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.678583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.686992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2613                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.912965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.253349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619325300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.091708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2164                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               222.780548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   43414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.061922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598715369000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   222.279373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.868279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.870237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17251                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17252                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        47940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           47941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        47940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          47941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3425                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          498                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    226491033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226491033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38150170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38150170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264641203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    264641203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264641203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    264641203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66148.082068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66128.768759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76606.767068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76453.246493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67476.084396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.692915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67476.084396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.692915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1054                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1054                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117188874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117188874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35359747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35359747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    152548621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152548621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    152548621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152548621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3328474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3328474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60375.514683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60375.514683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73057.328512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73057.328512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44806                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33492                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18101                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44806                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          301                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             69                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       458557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.865153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.335760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          396677     86.51%     86.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2843      0.62%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2535      0.55%     87.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3474      0.76%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5004      1.09%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3809      0.83%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5808      1.27%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2778      0.61%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35629      7.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       458557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243261                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13906                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          135                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398583                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       904227                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47546                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336121                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297802                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       169404                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          861                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       458557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.649433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.418245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       347346     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37392      8.15%     83.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23807      5.19%     89.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18250      3.98%     93.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12994      2.83%     95.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9699      2.12%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6370      1.39%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2237      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          462      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       458557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            705     46.88%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           412     27.39%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3239      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229501     77.06%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41544     13.95%     92.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23508      7.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297802                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339651                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1504                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005050                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1058514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450620                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18073                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          185                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9856                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47546                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1371                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          185                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289205                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39404                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29720                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22429                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329846                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186613                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296726                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323841                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628907                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       437836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       364294     83.20%     83.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27191      6.21%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13536      3.09%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11523      2.63%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6726      1.54%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3380      0.77%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1912      0.44%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2719      0.62%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6555      1.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       437836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117138                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47238                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29441                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23878                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213667                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              768912                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696607                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 418231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.485086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.485086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          559930                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309478                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126995                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014287                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014286842851                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613349996361                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24082                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    42072                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56620288                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5147532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 88559.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2132721246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3725885887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3538816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4906944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       924096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     66513984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    332578880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           408475968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     66513984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       66513984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    185504256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        185504256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        55294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        76671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1039281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      5196545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              6382437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2898504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2898504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       705747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       184293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     13264894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     66326257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               81462425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     13264894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          13264894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         36995142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              36995142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         36995142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       705747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       184293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     13264894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     66326257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             118457568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    56439                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.296486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    56451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.002657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     7.149952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         7.146534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.446872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.446658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.893530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            19                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               19                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            1085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55296                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          287                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          55583                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        56159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            56668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        56159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           56668                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     36154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10118477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46272477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10206651088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21582000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10228233088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10242805088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31700477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10274505565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10242805088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31700477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10274505565                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        56159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          56736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        56159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         56736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.956790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.937908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999658                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41893.395133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45578.725225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42647.444240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184582.087095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75198.606272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184017.291042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182389.378158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62279.915521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181310.537958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182389.378158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62279.915521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181310.537958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     68420700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6533                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10473.090464                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55484                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55484                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        55583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        56159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        56159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     25725400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7367100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33092500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9540335144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     18055800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9558390944                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9566060544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25422900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9591483444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9566060544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25422900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9591483444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.937908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999658                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29809.269988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33185.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172532.102575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62912.195122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171966.085746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170338.868997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 49946.758350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169257.490012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170338.868997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 49946.758350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169257.490012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          864                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3538944                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          864                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      21296099                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4062.310653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       118399681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      21300175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.558625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627901425300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          853.981950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    76.767758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    25.576681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1152.827231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1953.152809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.208492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.281452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.476844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.991775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34051508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2882552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12001465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40421556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               89357081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        32964935                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             32964935                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1029438                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1029438                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10995765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             10995765                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34051508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2882552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12001465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     51417321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               100352846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34051508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2882552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12001465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     51417321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              100352846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477938                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4979803                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11746116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             17362239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8730                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8730                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3928814                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3928814                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4979803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15674930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              21291053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477938                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158382                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4979803                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15674930                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             21291053                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16549791003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4669608303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 192341270018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 500073155538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   713633824862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    322143938                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    322143938                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 262998024249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 262998024249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16549791003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4669608303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 192341270018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 763071179787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    976631849111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16549791003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4669608303                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 192341270018                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 763071179787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   976631849111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34529446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3040934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16981268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52167672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          106719320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     32964935                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         32964935                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1038168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1038168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14924579                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         14924579                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34529446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3040934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16981268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     67092251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           121643899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34529446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3040934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16981268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     67092251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          121643899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.293253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.162691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008409                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008409                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.263245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.293253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.175028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.293253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.175028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34627.485161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29483.200761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38624.272892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42573.490296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41102.638022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36900.794731                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36900.794731                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66940.818336                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66940.818336                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34627.485161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29483.200761                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38624.272892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48680.994415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45870.528297                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34627.485161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29483.200761                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38624.272892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48680.994415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45870.528297                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7921139                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7921139                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4979792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11746062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17362101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8730                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8730                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3928814                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3928814                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4979792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15674876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         21290915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4979792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15674876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        21290915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13951588071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3794183034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164185148609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 434444496125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 616375415839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    713214703                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    713214703                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241036190031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241036190031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13951588071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3794183034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164185148609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 675480686156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 857411605870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13951588071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3794183034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164185148609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 675480686156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 857411605870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    150469587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    150469587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    402659916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    402659916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    553129503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    553129503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.293252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008409                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008409                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.293252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.175027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.293252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29193.652351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23960.890400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32970.282415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36986.395621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35501.199759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81696.987743                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81696.987743                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61350.878415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61350.878415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29193.652351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23960.890400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32970.282415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43093.207637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40271.242728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29193.652351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23960.890400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32970.282415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43093.207637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40271.242728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       6301139                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32424.437165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        18954980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       6333722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.992708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7629573442097                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11051.277266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.025868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.019295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   513.975513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   119.124259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5215.592813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15524.418480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.337258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.159167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.473768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.989515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143910                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3940510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8778378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               13264025                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7921139                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7921139                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1457                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1457                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1698992                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1698992                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3940510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10477370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14963017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143910                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3940510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10477370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14963017                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        76671                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1039282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2967684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              4098076                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2229476                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2229476                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        76671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1039282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5197160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               6327552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        76671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1039282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5197160                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              6327552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7149823276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1367741430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97118351277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 277681815171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   383317731154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55474765                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     55474765                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206992393543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 206992393543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7149823276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1367741430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97118351277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 484674208714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    590310124697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7149823276                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1367741430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97118351277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 484674208714                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   590310124697                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4979792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11746062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           17362101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7921139                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7921139                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3928468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3928468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4979792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15674530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            21290569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       477898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       158349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4979792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15674530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           21290569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.236036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.839467                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.839467                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567518                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.567518                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.297200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.297200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93253.293631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94725.495533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93447.544821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93568.525211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93536.023040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7281.108413                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7281.108413                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92843.517285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92843.517285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93253.293631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94725.495533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93447.544821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93257.511547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93292.022681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93253.293631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94725.495533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93447.544821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93257.511547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93292.022681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2843020                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2843020                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        76671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1039282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2967684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4098076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7619                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7619                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2229476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2229476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        76671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1039282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5197160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          6327552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        76671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        14439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1039282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5197160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         6327552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6074671026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1165921955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82466309437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 235895726498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 325602628916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    593541227                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    593541227                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 175023978058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 175023978058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6074671026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1165921955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82466309437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 410919704556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 500626606974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6074671026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1165921955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82466309437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 410919704556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 500626606974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    134211867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    134211867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    353563424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    353563424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    487775291                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    487775291                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.839467                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839467                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79230.361232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80748.109634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79349.309848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79488.155241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79452.559913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77902.772936                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77902.772936                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78504.535621                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78504.535621                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79230.361232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80748.109634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79349.309848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79066.202417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79118.529089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79230.361232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80748.109634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79349.309848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79066.202417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79118.529089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  45                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              16981311                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               530638387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              16981823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.247434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    530630516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      530630516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    530630516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       530630516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    530630516                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      530630516                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18355966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18355966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18355966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18355966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18355966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18355966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 468644160678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 468644160678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 468644160678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 468644160678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 468644160678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 468644160678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    548986482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    548986482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    548986482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    548986482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    548986482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    548986482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25530.890648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25530.890648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25530.890648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25530.890648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25530.890648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25530.890648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     10405797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40332.546512                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1374556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1374556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1374556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1374556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1374556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1374556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16981410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16981410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16981410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16981410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16981410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16981410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 364969943160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 364969943160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 364969943160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 364969943160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 364969943160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 364969943160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21492.322673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21492.322673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21492.322673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21492.322673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21492.322673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21492.322673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3041018                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.450416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      10322186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3041033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.394303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.450416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.965651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.965651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10322029                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10322029                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10322029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10322029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10322029                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10322029                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3041253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3041253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3041253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3041253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3041253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3041253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  52757328595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52757328595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  52757328595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52757328595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  52757328595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52757328595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13363282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13363282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13363282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     13363282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13363282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     13363282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17347.234378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17347.234378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17347.234378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17347.234378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17347.234378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17347.234378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1870                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1870                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3041253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3041253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3041253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3041253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3041253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3041253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43253435856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43253435856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43253435856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43253435856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43253435856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43253435856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14222.241904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14222.241904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14222.241904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14222.241904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14222.241904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14222.241904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     34539523                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.997805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      65495051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     34539539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.896234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.997805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     65494724                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     65494724                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     65494724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     65494724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     65494724                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     65494724                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34548679                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     34548679                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34548679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     34548679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34548679                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     34548679                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 478935958918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 478935958918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 478935958918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 478935958918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 478935958918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 478935958918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    100043403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    100043403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    100043403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    100043403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    100043403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    100043403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13862.641721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13862.641721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13862.641721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13862.641721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13862.641721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13862.641721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        53217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        53217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34548679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     34548679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34548679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     34548679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34548679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     34548679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 371776464953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 371776464953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 371776464953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 371776464953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 371776464953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 371776464953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10760.945880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10760.945880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10760.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10760.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10760.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10760.945880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              67091432                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.972642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1020414833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              67091688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.209259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.972642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    749879799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      749879799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    269325742                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     269325742                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1019205541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1019205541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1019205541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1019205541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     79390323                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     79390323                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16016120                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16016120                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     95406443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      95406443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     95406443                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     95406443                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2092798221949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2092798221949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 494122160031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 494122160031                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2586920381980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2586920381980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2586920381980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2586920381980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    829270122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    829270122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    285341862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    285341862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1114611984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1114611984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1114611984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1114611984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.056130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26360.872999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26360.872999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30851.552063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30851.552063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27114.734609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27114.734609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27114.734609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27114.734609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     32909848                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         32909848                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27194290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     27194290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        89314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        89314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27283604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     27283604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27283604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     27283604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     52196033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     52196033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15926806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15926806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     68122839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     68122839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     68122839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     68122839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1017290944365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017290944365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 434477610311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 434477610311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1451768554676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1451768554676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1451768554676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1451768554676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    157019749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    157019749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    420984389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    420984389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    578004138                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    578004138                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19489.813419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19489.813419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27279.644789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27279.644789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21311.040115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21311.040115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21311.040115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21311.040115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6802107156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       645630904                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    645630904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     68149732                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    469248033                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       377679329                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2141980981                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3555606047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          645630904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    377679329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1056090671                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      382622416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          99949132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2298682124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        92655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2316532                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2858                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        548986710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     32817620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1477029                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5911719021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.057970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.504044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4873490626     82.44%     82.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        64561691      1.09%     83.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        63860473      1.08%     84.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        93603261      1.58%     86.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        71728859      1.21%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        86550566      1.46%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        64889261      1.10%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        71947368      1.22%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       521086916      8.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5911719021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.094916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.522721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2221598419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2363273422                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        969234313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     45008799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     312604068                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    6108552486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     312604068                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2316990097                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1896954808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     67223847                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        910509952                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    407436249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5935688117                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3834090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      71725167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    313014390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2428372                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6642659299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  14955154316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  14905871892                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     49282424                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   4176544476                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2466114934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3439591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3454912                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        878497483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1150889817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    463870501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     81604317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     52831204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5682623276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6035897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4913868564                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     13120580                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1932872882                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2897713628                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2455574                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5911719021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.831208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.459939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3876647237     65.58%     65.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    758186770     12.83%     78.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    512425303      8.67%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    310509409      5.25%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    212748691      3.60%     95.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    135395141      2.29%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     74327175      1.26%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     26464918      0.45%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5014377      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5911719021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6742458     30.34%     30.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        29877      0.13%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       9522033     42.84%     73.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5930645     26.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33623292      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3534535557     71.93%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7663000      0.16%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    962248269     19.58%     92.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    375798446      7.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4913868564                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.722404                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           22225013                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004523                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  15771782720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   7596589672                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4754989995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     29684983                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     25934095                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13729699                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4887680245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       14790040                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    107649374                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    414294358                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       818369                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1035834                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    178531069                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       308877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5326                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     312604068                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1337584629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     31241315                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5688659173                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     31591588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1150889817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    463870501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5556419                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      12059547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3642769                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1035834                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     46596676                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     26684719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     73281395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4837655908                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    937318593                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     76212656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1306230423                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       462938489                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         368911830                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.711200                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4782797943                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4768719694                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3332125962                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       5173038701                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.701065                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644133                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2009508750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3580323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     68397976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5599833418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.716556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4464921976     79.73%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    392870462      7.02%     86.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    174019562      3.11%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    211529424      3.78%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     78629591      1.40%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45965790      0.82%     95.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     34548839      0.62%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23472838      0.42%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    173874936      3.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5599833418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2109462178                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3682447560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1021934905                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            736595470                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199237                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         387555769                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10701416                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3659701347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    173874936                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         11117042341                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        11697701159                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               20923786                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              890388135                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles          8254637256                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2109462178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3682447560                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2109462178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.224569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.224569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.310119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.310119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      9344479602                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     5293760313                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         13153465                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        10016180                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2325415522                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3261882                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       265712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234321584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39178874                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274402166                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234321584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234321584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28035046                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29291070                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29290198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6110055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35512095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3785047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3804850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46730790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7813449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54724066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46730790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46730790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5591034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5841523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46730790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13404482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60565589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 54                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057919878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22186558                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41537644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41375700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32898                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3339256                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41375700                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32898                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107369474                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47772658                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9921261                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6127352                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3793909                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009269180.926136                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48650697.073865                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
