
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 303311                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540874                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              188538791                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488608                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466248                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        77760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              136832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        77760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          77952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4858084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    268298709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138013739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              472117400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    268298709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         268961175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4858084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    268298709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138013739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             525114676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.878392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083018045000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.878392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.554900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.554900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     47328968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47328968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     47452968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     47452968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     47452968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     47452968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184878.781250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184878.781250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183216.092664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183216.092664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183216.092664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183216.092664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       251200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9661.538462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        85900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44247976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44247976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44333876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44333876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44333876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44333876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28633.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28633.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172843.656250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172843.656250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171173.266409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171173.266409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171173.266409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171173.266409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           370                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1142.880747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.356757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           38.166593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.261331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.181170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.567244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.588466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.149641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    749.838649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    323.127706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.009318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.183066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.078889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.279024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             141                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  141                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           95                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1630                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1909                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2326568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       649380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127894853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53201504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      184072305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13160215                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13160215                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2326568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       649380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127894853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66361719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       197232520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2326568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       649380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127894853                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66361719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      197232520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.796010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.524595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888112                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.796010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.868421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.539418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.796010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.868421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.539418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101155.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81172.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103391.150364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106403.008000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103353.343627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103623.740157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102814.179688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101155.130435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81172.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103391.150364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105840.062201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103317.192247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101155.130435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81172.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103391.150364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105840.062201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103317.192247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2199752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       603908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121076718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50477785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174358163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12457115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12457115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2199752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       603908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121076718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62934900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186815278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2199752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       603908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121076718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62934900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186815278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2067451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2067451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2704084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2704084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.796010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.796010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.868421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.535462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.796010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.868421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95641.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 75488.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97879.319321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100955.570000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98618.870475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98087.519685                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98087.519685                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95641.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 75488.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97879.319321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100374.641148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98583.260158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95641.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 75488.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97879.319321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100374.641148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98583.260158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1342.203480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.589000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.394963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.600192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    912.319055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    388.300412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          498                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1882                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2108352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116608921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48687478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      167958859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12029442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12029442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2108352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116608921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60716920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       179988301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2108352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116608921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60716920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      179988301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.985856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.985856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95834.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92351.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95974.420576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97766.020080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95757.616306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94720.015748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93980.015625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95834.181818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92351.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95974.420576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97147.072000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95636.716791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95834.181818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92351.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95974.420576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97147.072000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95636.716791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1802410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99557569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     41761372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143591751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10226153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10226153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1802410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99557569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51987525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153817904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1802410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99557569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51987525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153817904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1851852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1851852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2418652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2418652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.978523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81927.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81940.386008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83858.176707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82476.594486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80520.889764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80520.889764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81927.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81940.386008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83180.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82343.631692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81927.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81940.386008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83180.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82343.631692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 74                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                28                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          7                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1077                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               413.683290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.068709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.396632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   413.286659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.807201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.807975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12868                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12881                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12868                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12881                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    168289001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168289001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    168289001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168289001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    168289001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168289001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.128249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.128184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.128249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88947.674947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88806.860686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88947.674947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88806.860686                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88947.674947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88806.860686                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133163623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133163623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133163623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133163623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133163623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133163623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85690.877091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85690.877091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85690.877091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85690.877091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85690.877091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85690.877091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.900390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            58                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.659091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.238543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.661847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.014909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.603865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.618774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1822919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1822919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1822919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1822919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1822919                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1822919                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.456221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.456221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.456221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18988.739583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18413.323232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18988.739583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18413.323232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18988.739583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18413.323232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1520258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1520258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1520258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1520258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1520258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1520258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.448598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15836.020833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15836.020833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15836.020833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15836.020833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15836.020833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15836.020833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1142                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.368760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.112084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.059918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.308842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.831803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.898048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          151                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          153                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14335767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14335767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14335767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     14335767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14335767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     14335767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.883206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.883206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.883206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12433.449263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12390.464131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12433.449263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12390.464131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12433.449263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12390.464131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10762487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10762487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10762487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10762487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10762487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10762487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9334.333912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9334.333912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9334.333912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9334.333912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9334.333912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9334.333912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   345                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               317.333793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   12764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 36.997101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.262617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   316.071176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.617327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.619793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14701                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14705                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7982                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7982                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22683                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          145                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1172                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96662409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96662409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14203203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14203203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110865612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110865612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110865612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110865612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017963                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94489.158358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94212.874269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97953.124138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97282.212329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94919.188356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94595.232082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94919.188356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94595.232082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              141                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          445                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55432192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55432192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13540510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13540510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68972702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68972702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68972702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68972702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2145551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2145551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2809784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2809784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017719                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95737.810017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95737.810017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94031.319444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94031.319444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95397.928077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95397.928077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95397.928077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95397.928077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  407070                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           21753                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        21753                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14855                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8051                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        88755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 98880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              21753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8051                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                30039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          14071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         56645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          283                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             17                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       187528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.019080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.521805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          158315     84.42%     84.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1185      0.63%     85.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1171      0.62%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1597      0.85%     86.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2177      1.16%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1565      0.83%     88.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2157      1.15%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1575      0.84%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17786      9.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       187528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           85912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        63403                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            27127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         10331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        182179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         10331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           88402                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          35637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        22788                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25324                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        171359                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       185069                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       430882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       430882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107631                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           77421                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          541                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15922                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        21384                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            156558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           139338                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          750                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        55351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        79311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       187528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.743025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.526798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       137878     73.52%     73.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15329      8.17%     81.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10446      5.57%     87.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8153      4.35%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6433      3.43%     95.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4436      2.37%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3469      1.85%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1140      0.61%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          244      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       187528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            280     48.36%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           143     24.70%     73.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          156     26.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2144      1.54%      1.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       107255     76.97%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18994     13.63%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10945      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        139338                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.342295                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                579                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       467967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       212824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       131765                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        137773                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2112                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8487                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4558                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         10331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          29905                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          274                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       157402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        21384                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       134472                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17893                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               28302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13972                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10409                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330341                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                132194                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               131765                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            85207                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           141649                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323691                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.601536                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        59757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3615                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       177269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.498661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       144010     81.24%     81.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12101      6.83%     88.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6406      3.61%     91.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4918      2.77%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3397      1.92%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1389      0.78%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          952      0.54%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1037      0.58%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3059      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       177269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50601                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21034                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12894                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10965                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96860                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3059                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              331538                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             325238                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   1098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 219542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97643                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.044703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.044703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.124305                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.124305                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          264305                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         140423                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          58207                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003782586940                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254296670                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128569                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   245358                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            17701686520                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4544348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1130.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145289884                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     277266419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           690304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       614080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3434880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5696640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       614080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         614080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2838208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2838208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             10786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        53670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                89010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          44347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               44347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               34509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        30698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       171712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 284778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        30698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             30698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           141884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                141884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           141884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              34509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        30698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       171712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                426662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    35020                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.739686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      10710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    35034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.305703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        13.734528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.858408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.858730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1182                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            4053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               4053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           4053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              4053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        18232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           18460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        19903                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34495                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         38135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            52955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        38135                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           52955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    740747946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    750388946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2570190176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1339578000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3909768176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2579831176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2080325946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4660157122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2579831176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2080325946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4660157122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        21103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         21331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        42188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          57008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        42188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         57008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.865407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.966869                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.928905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.928905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42285.087719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40629.000987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40649.455363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176136.936404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67305.330855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113343.040325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174077.677193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54551.617831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88002.211727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174077.677193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54551.617831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88002.211727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18509200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1638                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11299.877900                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          25441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               25441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        19903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        38135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        38135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      6843400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    513585423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520428823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2394327784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1093832700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3488160484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2401171184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1607418123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4008589307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2401171184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1607418123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4008589307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966869                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30014.912281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28169.450581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28192.243933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164084.963268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54958.182184                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101120.756168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162022.347099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42150.730903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75698.032424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162022.347099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42150.730903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75698.032424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        929057                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3141.525987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4619747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        932207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.955709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          741.108113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.178030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.524737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1412.858927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    956.854850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.180935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.344936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.233607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.766974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       752597                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58964                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2642905                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       593199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4047665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          718408                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               718408                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        55441                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               55441                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       144360                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               144360                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       752597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2642905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       737559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4192025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       752597                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58964                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2642905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       737559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4192025                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3019                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       538975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       233421                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               785928                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9950                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9950                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       106893                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             106893                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       538975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       340314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                892821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       538975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       340314                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               892821                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    252983979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     74526970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12419288385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7079249901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19826049235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305126426                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    305126426                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5929081445                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5929081445                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    252983979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     74526970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12419288385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13008331346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     25755130680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    252983979                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     74526970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12419288385                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13008331346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    25755130680                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       763110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3181880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       826620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4833593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       718409                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           718409                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        65391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           65391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       251253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           251253                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       763110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3181880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1077873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5084846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       763110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3181880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1077873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5084846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.282380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.162597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.152162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.152162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.425440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.175585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.175585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24063.918862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24685.978801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23042.420122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30328.247677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25226.292020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30665.972462                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30665.972462                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55467.443565                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55467.443565                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24063.918862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24685.978801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23042.420122                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38224.496630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28846.914085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24063.918862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24685.978801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23042.420122                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38224.496630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28846.914085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              213331                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   213331                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       538970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       233417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9950                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9950                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       106893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        106893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       538970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       340310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           892800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       538970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       340310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          892800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    196403250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57885913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9349681297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5782589502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15386559962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    528048760                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    528048760                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5329423808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5329423808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    196403250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57885913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9349681297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11112013310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20715983770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    196403250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     57885913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9349681297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11112013310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20715983770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1351383863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1351383863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2891240250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2891240250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4242624113                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4242624113                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.282375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.152162                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152162                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.175581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.048626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18694.388921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19205.677837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17347.313017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24773.643316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19578.092525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53070.227136                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53070.227136                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49857.556697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49857.556697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18694.388921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19205.677837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17347.313017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32652.620581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23203.386839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18694.388921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19205.677837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17347.313017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32652.620581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23203.386839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         34146                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32360.454187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          921563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         66722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         13.811981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        19852.010474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.242867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.218677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.366386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   129.807439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    55.067427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5264.452825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7052.287414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.605835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.160658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.215219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         2918                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       529374                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       199670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 742197                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          213332                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               213332                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1180                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1180                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        59825                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                59825                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       529374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       259495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  802022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         2918                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       529374                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       259495                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 802022                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          271                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9596                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                43710                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              41721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        75468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 85431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9596                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        75468                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                85431                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25726460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9018992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    899870476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2232807200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3167423128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    233687210                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    233687210                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3726488512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3726488512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25726460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9018992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    899870476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5959295712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      6893911640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25726460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9018992                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    899870476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5959295712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     6893911640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       538970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       233417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             785907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       213332                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           213332                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           15297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       101546                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           101546                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       538970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       334963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              887453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       538970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       334963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             887453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.017804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.055617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922861                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.922861                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.410858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.017804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.096265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.017804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.096265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94931.586716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93947.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93775.581075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66163.131538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72464.496179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16553.602748                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16553.602748                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89319.251983                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89319.251983                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94931.586716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93947.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93775.581075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78964.537446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80695.668317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94931.586716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93947.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93775.581075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78964.537446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80695.668317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               18906                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    18906                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14117                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14117                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            85431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           85431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21939985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7675139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    764682514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1758158126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2552455764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    769396167                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769396167                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3125331366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3125331366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21939985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7675139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    764682514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4883489492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5677787130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21939985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7675139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    764682514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4883489492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5677787130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1205222696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1205222696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2567542080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2567542080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3772764776                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3772764776                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922861                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922861                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.096265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80959.354244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79949.364583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79687.631722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52098.205055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58395.235964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54501.393143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54501.393143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74910.269792                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74910.269792                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80959.354244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79949.364583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79687.631722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64709.406530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66460.501808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80959.354244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79949.364583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79687.631722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64709.406530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66460.501808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       337814                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       426576                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4881                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       4121                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2821                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  4116                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  305698                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      9002                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      764390                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           450                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   135100                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   170598                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            244                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            206                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                2743                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3181857                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.995117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                10810029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3182369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.396850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5086339698808                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.995117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10806915                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10806915                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10806915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        10806915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10806915                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       10806915                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3342318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3342318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3342318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3342318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3342318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3342318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50945249681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50945249681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50945249681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  50945249681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50945249681                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  50945249681                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14149233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14149233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14149233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     14149233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14149233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     14149233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.236219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.236219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.236219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.236219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.236219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.236219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15242.490296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15242.490296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15242.490296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15242.490296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15242.490296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15242.490296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       104576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34858.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       160406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       160406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       160406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       160406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       160406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       160406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3181912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3181912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3181912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3181912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3181912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3181912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37382135010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37382135010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37382135010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37382135010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37382135010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37382135010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.224882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11748.324595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11748.324595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11748.324595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11748.324595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11748.324595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11748.324595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        62090                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.830279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         83976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        62104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.352183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087124658300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    13.830279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.864392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.864392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        83949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        83949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        83949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62313                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62313                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62313                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62313                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1130173135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1130173135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1130173135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1130173135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1130173135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1130173135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       146262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       146262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.426037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.426037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.426037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18137.036172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18137.036172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18137.036172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18137.036172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18137.036172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18137.036172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1090                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1090                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    939091963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    939091963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    939091963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    939091963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    939091963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    939091963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15070.562531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15070.562531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15070.562531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15070.562531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15070.562531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15070.562531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       764025                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.272879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        109318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       764041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.143079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086423645300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.272724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.954545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.954555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109293                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       109293                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       109293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109293                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       109293                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764608                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       764608                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       764608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       764608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12110939965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12110939965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12110939965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12110939965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12110939965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12110939965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       873901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       873901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       873901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       873901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       873901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.874937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.874937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.874937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15839.410476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15839.410476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15839.410476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15839.410476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15839.410476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15839.410476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       764608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       764608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       764608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9775289668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775289668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9775289668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775289668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9775289668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775289668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12784.707547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12784.707547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12784.707547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12784.707547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12784.707547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12784.707547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1069402                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               509.312074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28973537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1069914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 27.080249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086634573300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   509.312074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.994750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.994750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17783227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       17783227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11104180                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11104180                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28887407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28887407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28887407                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28887407                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1336033                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1336033                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       318305                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       318305                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1654338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1654338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1654338                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1654338                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33094920395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33094920395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10456110719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10456110719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43551031114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  43551031114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43551031114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  43551031114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19119260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19119260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11422485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11422485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30541745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30541745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30541745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30541745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027867                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24771.035143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24771.035143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32849.344870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32849.344870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26325.352566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26325.352566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26325.352566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26325.352566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       715774                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           715774                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       507918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       507918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       512059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       512059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       512059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       512059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       828115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       828115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       314164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       314164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1142279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1142279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1142279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1142279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16255527847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16255527847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9253059047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9253059047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25508586894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25508586894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25508586894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25508586894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1410422851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1410422851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3012161655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3012161655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4422584506                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4422584506                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19629.553682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19629.553682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29452.957840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29452.957840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22331.310384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22331.310384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22331.310384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22331.310384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               236740066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17852444                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17852444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2199004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15242489                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9544023                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    114307315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              86778076                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17852444                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9544023                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             28338198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7914118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            723165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      51137928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       108934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        97568                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         14149235                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1493329                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          26679                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    200269059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.835029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.280502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       172790862     86.28%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2198107      1.10%     87.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1315253      0.66%     88.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2133359      1.07%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1763024      0.88%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1949311      0.97%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2102194      1.05%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1545667      0.77%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14471282      7.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    200269059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.366554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       112441261                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     55417940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26325699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       528245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5555914                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     163851777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          115                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5555914                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114061436                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       17587322                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     34071348                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         25230059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      3762980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     159031434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        20423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        314470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2352182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        17605                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    175526434                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    398519191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    395368970                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3150221                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    134862286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        40664154                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       929895                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       941183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         11887114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     23315368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14212021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2077445                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1203896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         152191826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1245979                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        143535473                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       345846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29620528                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41876734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       345873                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    200269059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.716713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.453959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144917107     72.36%     72.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19287189      9.63%     81.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12923334      6.45%     88.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8407706      4.20%     92.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6314247      3.15%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4339244      2.17%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2598445      1.30%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1219676      0.61%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       262111      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    200269059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         251843     31.78%     31.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27922      3.52%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        302254     38.15%     73.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       210320     26.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1044952      0.73%      0.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    106448205     74.16%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       822909      0.57%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21982793     15.32%     90.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     13236614      9.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     143535473                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.606300                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             792339                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005520                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486667542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181446381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138674866                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2080847                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1647944                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       946547                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     142239485                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1043375                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2227630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4925427                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        23713                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        40273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2766070                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        33928                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5555914                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       14280933                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       154605                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153437805                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1190093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23315368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14212053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1103308                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         60552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6291                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        40273                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       951771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1482723                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2434494                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141178814                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     21389756                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2356660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            34349280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14259856                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12959524                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.596345                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             139834524                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            139621413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         90421379                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141293891                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.589767                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.639953                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     32299338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       900107                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2207654                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    194819143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.621237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.594161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    154261340     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14635105      7.51%     86.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7085030      3.64%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7187250      3.69%     94.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3642356      1.87%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1510711      0.78%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1175688      0.60%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1088392      0.56%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4233271      2.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    194819143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     63652601                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     121028934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29835924                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18389941                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             113882                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12700027                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            775829                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        119797968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4233271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           343692107                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          312223145                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1667501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               36471007                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59834810323                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           63652601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            121028934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     63652601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.719252                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.719252                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.268871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.268871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       278944726                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      151741718                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1676368                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          890748                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       64858573                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        865891                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          669456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       444648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        71024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       861083688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       144768553                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1007043137                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    861083688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     861083688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       580694                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     96651614                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       100193716                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            21767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        55581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        107635461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         22780031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           130502439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           20573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        14217557                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           14284402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              33466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        22228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           43046043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7237059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              50342636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      43046043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         43046043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             29029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4831667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5008739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             62496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        22228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          43046043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          12068726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             55351374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      426576                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      337814                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      4121                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4881                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 3089                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4877                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 305698                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     9002                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     764390                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          450                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  170598                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  135100                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           206                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           244                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               2503                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072008286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  80750664                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   154664120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           153316995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               557370                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10536778                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  153316995                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      557370                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         392553102                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        173497096                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             929508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            454435                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    37024791                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  22787477                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 14237314                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59891038368.081627                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             180969917.918374                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
