
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 183253                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   325422                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              102227968                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519604                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    224987614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              980539741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         434519750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    224987614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1287882979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.205960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048024000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.205960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.575373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.575373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249013824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249013824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249013824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249013824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174135.541259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1706100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11007.096774                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231093392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231093392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231768992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231768992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231768992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231768992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.829545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.829545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162076.218182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           149                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1809.050356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              44                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.295302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          119.524190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.589183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1226.226272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    425.976189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.103998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2293                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          600                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5261                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             663                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  663                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   99                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2293                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5360                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204821580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73673930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      281985606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34040771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34040771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204821580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107714701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       316026377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204821580                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107714701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      316026377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.341964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.771363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.364025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.364025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102810.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102977.164404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105550.042980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103140.309437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102842.208459                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101918.476048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102810.733333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102977.164404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104679.009718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103007.293677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102810.733333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102977.164404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104679.009718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103007.293677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193840546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69864991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267010033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32201571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32201571                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193840546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102066562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299211604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193840546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102066562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299211604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7506275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7506275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.362126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.464503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97370.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97456.282554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100093.110315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98129.376332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97285.712991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97285.712991                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97370.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97456.282554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99190.050534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98037.878113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97370.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97456.282554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99190.050534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98037.878113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1739.084538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.354619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.077571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1249.803292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    447.114339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     33                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     33                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186811616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67309402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257296148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30907139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30907139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186811616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98216541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288203287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186811616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98216541                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288203287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96722.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95069.524682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97549.857971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95259.588301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93942.671733                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93093.792169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96722.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95069.524682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96385.221786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95022.514672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96722.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95069.524682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96385.221786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95022.514672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159191087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57702605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219610119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26198419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26198419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159191087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83901024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245808538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159191087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83901024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245808538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82856.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81013.275827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83626.963768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81700.193080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79630.452888                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79630.452888                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82856.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81013.275827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82336.628067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81474.490554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82856.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81013.275827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82336.628067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81474.490554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3773                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.738104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.769679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083165860157                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.363587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   438.374517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.856200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20773                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4952                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297980863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297980863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297980863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    297980863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297980863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    297980863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.841478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.409284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.841478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.409284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.841478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60137.409284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232855792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232855792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232855792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232855792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232855792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232855792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54367.450852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54367.450852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54367.450852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           91                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.073791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.604396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.343953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.729838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1806178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1806178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1806178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1806178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1806178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1806178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.289773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.289773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.289773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19012.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17707.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19012.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17707.627451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19012.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17707.627451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1507455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1507455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1507455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1507455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1507455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1507455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15867.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2295                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.100429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.105011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.091003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.009426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2311                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32124056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32124056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32124056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32124056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13936.683731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13900.500216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13936.683731                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13900.500216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13936.683731                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13900.500216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25047340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25047340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25047340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25047340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25047340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25047340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10866.524946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10866.524946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10866.524946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1237                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.531772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   30754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.861762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.031001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.500770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.725648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16179                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16183                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43496                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43501                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          442                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146101717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146101717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38510971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38510971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184612688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184612688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184612688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184612688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67390.090867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67390.090867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87128.893665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86541.507865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70732.830651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70651.621891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70732.830651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70651.621891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          663                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              663                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83115095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83115095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35906286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35906286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119021381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119021381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119021381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119021381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3984588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3984588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11776129                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11776129                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025920                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64033.201079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64033.201079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83309.248260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83309.248260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68838.277039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38192                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38192                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6196                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28518                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15237                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179119                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                184199                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          416                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       415478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.282936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362544     87.26%     87.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2486      0.60%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1951      0.47%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2883      0.69%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3957      0.95%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3778      0.91%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5102      1.23%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2062      0.50%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30715      7.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       415478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       172347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        327684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11907                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       772231                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       772141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          130071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          976                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30304                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25046                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259948                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        95379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       137536                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          796                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       415478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.625660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.398653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318657     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32463      7.81%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20408      4.91%     89.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16233      3.91%     93.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11257      2.71%     96.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8653      2.08%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5408      1.30%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1963      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          436      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       415478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            509     39.58%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           401     31.18%     70.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          376     29.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2886      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199743     76.84%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35655     13.72%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21654      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259948                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336165                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1286                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004947                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       939034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       387826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       247755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14986                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          151                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8379                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92339                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292352                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25046                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           287                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          109                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          151                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252599                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33808                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25688                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20683                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326661                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               247764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160613                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252081                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320409                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637148                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       103525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6251                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       397804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.474671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.394815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332569     83.60%     83.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24234      6.09%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12453      3.13%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9985      2.51%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5959      1.50%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3070      0.77%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1642      0.41%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2443      0.61%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5449      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       397804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103870                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41862                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25195                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20588                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           186985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              684578                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             602555                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 357797                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97157                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.444642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.444642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486189                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269409                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110565                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           660                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.049005                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60049005396489                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132513021268                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52231                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   100664                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2007312344                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4748676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29915.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1562490155                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3011366394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3413888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       156032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2618688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     52353856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            58678016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2618688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2618688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     38902336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         38902336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        40917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       818029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               916844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         607849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              607849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        43609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       871852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 977169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        43609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             43609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           647843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                647843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           647843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        43609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       871852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1625012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   297402                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.660496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   297416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.043723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.616773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.913548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.916281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            53                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               53                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       412172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          415702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        27418                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          78618                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        439590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           494320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       439590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          494320                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    509343664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47165669209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47675012873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9014749600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1184465000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10199214600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9524093264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48350134209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57874227473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9524093264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48350134209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57874227473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       412355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        415885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        27471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       439826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         494556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       439826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        494556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144289.989802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114432.007048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114685.550883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176069.328125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43200.269896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129731.290544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174019.610159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109989.158555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117078.466323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174019.610159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109989.158555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117078.466323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    404669020                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47477                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8523.474946                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       412172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        27418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        78618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       439590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       494320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       439590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       494320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466397684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42194502700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42660900384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8397647796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    842116900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9239764696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8864045480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43036619600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51900665080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8864045480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43036619600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51900665080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999326                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132123.989802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102371.104054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102623.755440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164016.558516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30714.016340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117527.343560                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161959.537365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97901.725699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104994.062712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161959.537365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97901.725699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104994.062712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6790480                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4031.904695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        50934493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6794496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.496434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6060707326549                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1447.406747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.047456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   136.509310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.541285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1091.376505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1354.023318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.353371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.984352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20892562                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11550754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8440987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               41225921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11224519                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11224519                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1020846                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1020846                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2111948                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2111948                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20892562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11550754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10552935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                43337869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20892562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11550754                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10552935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               43337869                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1279691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3850541                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5265393                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        94307                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             94307                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1774097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1774097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1279691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5624638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               7039490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1279691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5624638                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              7039490                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2941505160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    147112463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31455086970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129558900991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   164102605584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2252759258                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2252759258                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  87537820218                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  87537820218                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2941505160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    147112463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31455086970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217096721209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    251640425802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2941505160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    147112463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31455086970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217096721209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   251640425802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21022949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12830445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12291528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           46491314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11224519                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11224519                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1115153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1115153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3886045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3886045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21022949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12830445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16177573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            50377359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21022949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12830445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16177573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           50377359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.113255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084569                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.084569                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.456530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.139735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.139735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22559.803968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30815.346251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24580.220514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33646.934545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31166.259685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23887.508435                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23887.508435                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49342.183780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49342.183780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22559.803968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30815.346251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24580.220514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38597.456620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35746.968289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22559.803968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30815.346251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24580.220514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38597.456620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35746.968289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4082793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4082793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1279679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3850541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5265381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        94307                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        94307                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1774097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1774097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1279679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5624638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          7039478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1279679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5624638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         7039478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2245762087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    121345354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24184916962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108269067158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134821091561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8108834919                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8108834919                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77491079048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77491079048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2245762087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    121345354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24184916962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185760146206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 212312170609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2245762087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    121345354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24184916962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185760146206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 212312170609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8345459187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8345459187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11613306698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11613306698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  19958765885                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  19958765885                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084569                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084569                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.099738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17223.818993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25417.962715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18899.205943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28117.884515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25605.192020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85983.383195                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85983.383195                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43679.166950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43679.166950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17223.818993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25417.962715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18899.205943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33026.151408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30160.215091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17223.818993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25417.962715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18899.205943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33026.151408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30160.215091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        833266                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32078.159999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8477495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        865525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.794628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17556.087457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.276888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   122.558816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    23.615720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2426.376930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11945.212013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.535769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.074047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.364539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.978948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1238761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3326065                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4697002                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4082793                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4082793                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 385                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1148517                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1148517                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1238761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4474582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5845519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1238761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4474582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5845519                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       524476                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               568379                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       362521                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            362521                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       356981                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             356981                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       881457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                925360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40918                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       881457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               925360                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    226257116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50859274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3830238050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48455532288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    52562886728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    787745123                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    787745123                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32739845037                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  32739845037                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    226257116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50859274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3830238050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81195377325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     85302731765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    226257116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50859274                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3830238050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81195377325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    85302731765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1279679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3850541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5265381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4082793                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4082793                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       362906                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          362906                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1505498                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1505498                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1279679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5356039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6770879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       130387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1279679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5356039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6770879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.107946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998939                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998939                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.237118                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.136668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.136668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92804.395406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92978.563071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.655555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92388.464464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92478.586872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2172.964112                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2172.964112                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91713.130494                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91713.130494                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92804.395406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92978.563071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.655555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92114.961167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92183.292735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92804.395406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92978.563071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.655555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92114.961167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92183.292735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              552475                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   552475                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       524476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       362521                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       362521                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       356981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        356981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       881457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           925360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        40918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       881457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          925360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192084180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43184074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3252797234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41098921871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44586987359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27562571466                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27562571466                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27596478430                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27596478430                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192084180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43184074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3252797234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68695400301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  72183465789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192084180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43184074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3252797234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68695400301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  72183465789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7488610173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7488610173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10326033538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10326033538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17814643711                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17814643711                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998939                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998939                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.136668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78787.604594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78947.118830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.508920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78361.873319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78445.873896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76030.275394                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76030.275394                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77305.174309                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77305.174309                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78787.604594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78947.118830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.508920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77933.921111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78005.820209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78787.604594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78947.118830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.508920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77933.921111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78005.820209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24190007                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68090                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18712                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        332                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   258                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18523                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3231773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19044                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24258097                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           317                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3222702                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9071                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18182                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12830449                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138282340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12830961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.777240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138277354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138277354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138277354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138277354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138277354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138277354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13394121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13394121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13394121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13394121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13394121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13394121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 208362876693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 208362876693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 208362876693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 208362876693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 208362876693                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 208362876693                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151671475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151671475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151671475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    151671475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151671475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    151671475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15556.293443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15556.293443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15556.293443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15556.293443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15556.293443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15556.293443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       467813                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33415.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       563654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       563654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       563654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       563654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       563654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       563654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12830467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12830467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12830467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12830467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12830467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12830467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 155851335023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 155851335023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 155851335023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 155851335023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 155851335023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 155851335023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12146.972906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12146.972906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12146.972906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12146.972906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12146.972906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12146.972906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       346456                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        419322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       346472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.210262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083930307300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       418996                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       418996                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       418996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       418996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       418996                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       418996                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346662                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       346662                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       346662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346662                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       346662                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6953581961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6953581961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6953581961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6953581961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6953581961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6953581961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       765658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       765658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       765658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       765658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       765658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       765658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.452764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.452764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.452764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20058.679524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20058.679524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20058.679524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20058.679524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20058.679524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20058.679524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          134                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          134                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       346662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       346662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       346662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       346662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5903800181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5903800181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5903800181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5903800181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5903800181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5903800181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17030.422085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17030.422085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17030.422085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17030.422085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17030.422085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17030.422085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     21025200                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9828026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     21025216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.467440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9827691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9827691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9827691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9827691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9827691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9827691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21026730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     21026730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21026730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     21026730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21026730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     21026730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 250364128217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 250364128217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 250364128217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 250364128217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 250364128217                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 250364128217                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30854421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30854421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30854421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30854421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30854421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30854421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.681482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.681482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11906.945503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11906.945503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11906.945503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11906.945503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11906.945503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11906.945503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2657                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2657                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21026730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21026730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21026730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21026730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21026730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21026730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 186673226602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 186673226602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 186673226602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186673226602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 186673226602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186673226602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8877.900967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8877.900967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8877.900967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8877.900967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8877.900967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8877.900967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16151481                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.753793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               250345391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16151992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.499351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.753793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    145346397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145346397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103816769                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103816769                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    249163166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       249163166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    249163166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      249163166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24212434                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24212434                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5032393                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5032393                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29244827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29244827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29244827                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29244827                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 734722020099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 734722020099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151372232740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 151372232740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 886094252839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 886094252839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 886094252839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 886094252839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169558831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169558831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108849162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108849162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278407993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278407993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278407993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278407993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.105043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.105043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30344.822834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30344.822834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30079.573026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30079.573026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30299.179162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30299.179162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30299.179162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30299.179162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11221728                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         11221728                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11909461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11909461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        53062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11962523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11962523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11962523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11962523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12302973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12302973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4979331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4979331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17282304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17282304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17282304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17282304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 272528408903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 272528408903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131027954138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131027954138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 403556363041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 403556363041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 403556363041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 403556363041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8686209176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8686209176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12079734834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12079734834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20765944010                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20765944010                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22151.427050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22151.427050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26314.369167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26314.369167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23350.842749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23350.842749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23350.842749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23350.842749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2439797177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204082444                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204082444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22536291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    129304266                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91684260                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    807410835                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             932297849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204082444                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91684260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            308985865                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       76691465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          10154401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1131193635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5172127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1303351                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          207                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        151671487                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13768450                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          87175                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2317755357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.806459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.256205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2014405449     86.91%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23643102      1.02%     87.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15657904      0.68%     88.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19135173      0.83%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21502202      0.93%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19639585      0.85%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17267057      0.74%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23039008      0.99%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163465877      7.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2317755357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.083647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.382121                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       783543284                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1182603602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        286910471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11163064                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      53534936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1839323090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1073                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      53534936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       817527753                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      834429068                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    225987731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        262934829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    123341040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1796314327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1711194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      51231099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     60969890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2121780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2008775643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4573952724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4269883119                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    304069605                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1531826746                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       476949008                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3573113                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3691390                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        284142218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    202009998                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127495738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15060838                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13862144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1641041354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6259048                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1543078948                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9580015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    265535037                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    389658706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1884823                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2317755357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.665764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.362451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1677349375     72.37%     72.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    250820190     10.82%     83.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    155998419      6.73%     89.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88553771      3.82%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61410479      2.65%     96.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43785085      1.89%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30576832      1.32%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7517374      0.32%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1743832      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2317755357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3235432     37.46%     37.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12799      0.15%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3130245     36.25%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2257765     26.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33080796      2.14%      2.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1110202039     71.95%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90752395      5.88%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189865558     12.30%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119178160      7.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1543078948                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.632462                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8636241                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005597                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5214568769                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1765776575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1409169198                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215671307                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147227951                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105706602                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1410833918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107800475                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16287152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     35848106                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       188631                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       185161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19377012                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       115758                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      53534936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      631507558                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10481228                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1647300402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     53495770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    202009998                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127495738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4234962                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5476647                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       706211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       185161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6809599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18299278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25108877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1522164016                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185683434                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20914932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           303564204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156084717                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117880770                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.623890                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1515969334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1514875800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1011393237                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1745686984                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.620902                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579367                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    291460187                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4374225                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22648949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2264542706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.598753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.638047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1833172093     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    150414676      6.64%     87.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90089521      3.98%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62521239      2.76%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25666389      1.13%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16731725      0.74%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13687760      0.60%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8780249      0.39%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     63479054      2.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2264542706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    679634215                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1355902351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274280632                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166161903                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1523784                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141583418                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270286                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1281705198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     63479054                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3847681963                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3349242962                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6263093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              122041820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177886704303                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          679634215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1355902351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    679634215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.589868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.589868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.278562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.278562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3079221259                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1583616542                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185154898                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96611227                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      601897404                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3104082                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376730                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73091872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77628544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9325520216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1861480422                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11338212128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9325520216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9325520216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24498647                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203413437                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1229726612                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9136484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1165690027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        259984730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1444537504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          408675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156597654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157034681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1217204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155298496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           30999355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188815985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155298496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155298496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            407978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20040522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20478717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            414251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1217204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155298496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51039877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209294703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68090                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24190007                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18712                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  123                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18523                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3231773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19044                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24258097                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          317                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9071                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3222702                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13441                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327337420                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 881792765                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1653583150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1646817272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442309                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111518410                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1646817272                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442309                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4193285435                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1816705420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717597                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417242411                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260287325                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                156955086                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178389746086.566223                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1937591333.433778                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
