
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56818                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   100366                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30697321                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681852                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1204446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    201874890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    535263801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              750515943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    201874890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202048621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    201874890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    535263801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             750515943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2447                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1561.843289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.178995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          215.075738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.383473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.997836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.675800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.025617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.990220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    436.097395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    880.389693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.105017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.212938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.429878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.762619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2901                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3947                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1020                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1020                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2901                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          353                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2435                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3143                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4531                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5316337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1833860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123087650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245185484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      375423331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       490700                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       490700                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73344976                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73344976                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5316337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1833860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123087650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318530460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       448768307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5316337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1833860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123087650                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318530460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      448768307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1020                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1020                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.786449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.491955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.960705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.786449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.532620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.786449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.532620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88605.616667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101881.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94682.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100692.190554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98226.931188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16920.689655                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16920.689655                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103594.598870                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103448.485190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88605.616667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101881.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94682.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101345.994273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99043.987420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88605.616667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101881.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94682.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101345.994273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99043.987420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 365                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      365                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4986337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1734810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115886933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    231693693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354301773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1481966                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1481966                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69462900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69462900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4986337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1734810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115886933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301156593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    423764673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4986337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1734810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115886933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301156593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    423764673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.786449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.490797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.786449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.531445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.786449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83105.616667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96378.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89143.794615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95151.413963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92919.426436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51102.275862                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51102.275862                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98111.440678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98111.440678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83105.616667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96378.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89143.794615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95818.196946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93732.508958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83105.616667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96378.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89143.794615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95818.196946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93732.508958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2063.003476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           87.082312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.177724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.455581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    549.340159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1381.620033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.062958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          138                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           60                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             365                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  365                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          138                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    211                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2375                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4320                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4667037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109738015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222683866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338735056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67001575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67001575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4667037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109738015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289685441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       405736631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4667037                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646138                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109738015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289685441                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      405736631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          365                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              365                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.945317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.997179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.953432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.953432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93340.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96831.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94438.911360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93761.627789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93754.513147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94903.080737                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94768.847242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93340.740000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96831.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94438.911360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94023.187601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93920.516435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93340.740000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96831.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94438.911360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94023.187601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93920.516435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3967806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1410893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93419435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189286423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288084557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57002431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57002431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3967806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1410893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93419435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246288854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345086988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3967806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1410893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93419435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246288854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345086988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.951225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79356.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82993.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80395.382960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79699.546526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79934.671754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80739.987252                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80739.987252                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79356.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82993.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80395.382960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79937.959753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80066.586543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79356.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82993.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80395.382960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79937.959753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80066.586543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.825846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.857642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.422343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.680512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.681300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32516                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1987                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1988                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163176281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163176281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163176281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163176281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163176281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163176281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82121.933065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82080.624245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82121.933065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82080.624245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82121.933065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82080.624245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129394046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129394046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129394046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129394046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129394046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129394046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78278.309740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78278.309740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78278.309740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78278.309740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78278.309740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78278.309740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          194                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.648782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.360825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019266857000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.524936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.123845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.570240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.665549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1243                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1243                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4535765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4535765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4535765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19635.346320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19301.127660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19635.346320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19301.127660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19635.346320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19301.127660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3800971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3800971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3800971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3800971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3800971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3800971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16454.419913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16454.419913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16454.419913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16454.419913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16454.419913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16454.419913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2977                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.282652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.652335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124830300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.668221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.614431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2146                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2149                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3027                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         3027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         3027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35662416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35662416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35662416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35662416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35662416                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35662416                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.584815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.584815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.584815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11800.931833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11781.439049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11800.931833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11781.439049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11800.931833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11781.439049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26289781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26289781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26289781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26289781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26289781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26289781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8699.464262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8699.464262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8699.464262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8699.464262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8699.464262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8699.464262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3166                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.873342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081958300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45977                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21995                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21995                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67972                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67975                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7420                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7422                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          800                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          801                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8220                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    703934944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    703934944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79732485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79732485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    783667429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    783667429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    783667429                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    783667429                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94869.938544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94844.374023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99665.606250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99541.179775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95336.670195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95301.888484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95336.670195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95301.888484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1002                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1002                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255181003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255181003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76409865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76409865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331590868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331590868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331590868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331590868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034920                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034918                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86737.254589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86737.254589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95992.292714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95992.292714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88708.097378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88708.097378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88708.097378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88708.097378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57377                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57377                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6483                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37837                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24351                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       156053                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                270185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57377                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24351                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        482735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1965                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34503                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2934                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             75                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       756001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.053845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          673448     89.08%     89.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8973      1.19%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5184      0.69%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3688      0.49%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5644      0.75%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5553      0.73%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5435      0.72%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3473      0.46%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44603      5.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       756001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051870                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          161158                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       490214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            75117                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4574                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        475995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          170725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         395330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            70074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        30882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        453417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          7968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       543414                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1180438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1180438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       332553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          210715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2130                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67571                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30224                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            427346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           374149                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          678                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       756001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.494905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       605821     80.13%     80.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55800      7.38%     87.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34692      4.59%     92.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22793      3.01%     95.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16542      2.19%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10823      1.43%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6828      0.90%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2281      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          421      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       756001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            772     33.10%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           835     35.81%     68.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          725     31.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3054      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       282857     75.60%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60471     16.16%     92.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27767      7.42%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        374149                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338240                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2332                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006233                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1510446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       574954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       360727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        373427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4549                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23183                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          115                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7429                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         354779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       429501                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67571                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30224                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          115                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5747                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7694                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       366126                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        58143                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8023                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37672                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27142                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330987                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                361783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               360727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250236                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           399518                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326106                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626345                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152846                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6723                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       731227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.378158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       639766     87.49%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35739      4.89%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13852      1.89%     94.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14986      2.05%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7114      0.97%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3501      0.48%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2871      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2253      0.31%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11145      1.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       731227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155402                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        276519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67168                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44373                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30512                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           276141                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1148505                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             883953                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 350164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               276519                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.118087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.118087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          731729                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         419883                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169866                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.193001                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1193000626179                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6212767895784                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24636                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46042                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34233596                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4660272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34848.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   858543814                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1604524097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       154496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       942528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10718464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15411968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       942528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         942528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11545984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11545984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       167476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               240812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         180406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              180406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        21029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             2961541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        32080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       790048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      8984458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               12918659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       790048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            790048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          9678104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total               9678104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          9678104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        21029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            2961541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        32080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       790048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      8984458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              22596763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   101348                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.385859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   101362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.544810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020588900000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.105973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.279885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.954993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.961616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7312                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7312                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26003                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26003                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103832                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet       100187                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101915                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205747                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4605785212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4606889212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    122321784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6782211000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6904532784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123425784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11387996212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11511421996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123425784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11387996212                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11511421996                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109227                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       229995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       229995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.933057                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.886941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.887797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.886941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.887797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40888.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44369.589249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44368.684144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70788.069444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67695.519379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67747.954511                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70328.082051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55825.700086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55949.403860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70328.082051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55825.700086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55949.403860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       277500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8409.090909                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56736                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56736                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       100187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3322009252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3322773252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    101519400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5544490800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5646010200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102283400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8866500052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8968783452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102283400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8866500052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8968783452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.886941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.886941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28296.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32002.401156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32001.437437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58749.652778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55341.419545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55399.207182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58281.139601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43464.940056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43591.320661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58281.139601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43464.940056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43591.320661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      42319309                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2023.535927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        39469196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      42321330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.932608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          228.966764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    44.527346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    27.029777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1384.403328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    338.608001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.111800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.675978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.165336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17378943                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4371262                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11203672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2837455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               35791332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6461122                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              6461122                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1493794                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1493794                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       840669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               840669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17378943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4371262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11203672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3678124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                36632001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17378943                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4371262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11203672                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3678124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               36632001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691861                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9209855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             39546189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        67298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             67298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2229405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2229405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11439260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              41775594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691861                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11439260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             41775594                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15872974965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8718318779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 657109257376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 240234024166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   921934575286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2246461693                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2246461693                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64835265274                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  64835265274                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15872974965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8718318779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 657109257376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 305069289440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    986769840560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15872974965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8718318779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 657109257376                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 305069289440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   986769840560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18070804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4760631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40458776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12047310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           75337521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6461122                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          6461122                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1561092                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1561092                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3070074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3070074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18070804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4760631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40458776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15117384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            78407595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18070804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4760631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40458776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15117384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           78407595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.524920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043110                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.043110                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.726173                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.726173                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.532800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.532800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22942.433473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22390.890849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22461.354346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26084.452379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23312.855135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33380.809133                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33380.809133                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29081.869501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29081.869501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22942.433473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22390.890849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22461.354346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26668.620998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23620.725550                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22942.433473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22390.890849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22461.354346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26668.620998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23620.725550                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5278166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5278166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9209855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39544425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        67298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        67298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2229405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2229405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11439260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         41773830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11439260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        41773830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12161870826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6595595189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 491730727852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189892662683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 700380856550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3045537384                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3045537384                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52376998861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52376998861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12161870826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6595595189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 491730727852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242269661544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 752757855411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12161870826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6595595189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 491730727852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242269661544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 752757855411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11192940774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11192940774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16458491939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16458491939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27651432713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27651432713                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043110                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043110                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.726173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.532778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.532778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17597.488730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16983.548917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16808.373946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20618.420451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17711.241384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45254.500639                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45254.500639                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23493.711937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23493.711937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17597.488730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16983.548917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16808.373946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21178.787924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18019.842935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17597.488730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16983.548917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16808.373946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21178.787924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18019.842935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        183413                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32478.531450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        44501299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        216039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        205.987340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18661.346772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.086471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.001945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.015053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   451.895997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   139.027443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5548.479760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7677.678009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.569499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.234304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       688701                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       387754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     29240369                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9057162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               39373986                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5278166                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5278166                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18581                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               18581                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2048563                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2048563                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       688701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       387754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     29240369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     11105725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                41422549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       688701                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       387754                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     29240369                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11105725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               41422549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152693                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               170439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        63832                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             63832                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       165727                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             165727                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       318420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                336166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14735                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       318420                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               336166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223870751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55714314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1378502244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8971878186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10629965495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1827310020                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1827310020                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14930422414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14930422414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223870751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55714314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1378502244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23902300600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25560387909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223870751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55714314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1378502244                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23902300600                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25560387909                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9209855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           39544425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5278166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5278166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        82413                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82413                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2214290                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2214290                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11424145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            41758715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       691114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     29255104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11424145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           41758715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.004310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.774538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.774538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.074844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.008050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.008050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92776.937837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93167.749164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93552.917815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58757.625995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62368.152213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28626.864582                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28626.864582                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90090.464523                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90090.464523                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92776.937837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93167.749164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93552.917815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75065.324414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76035.018143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92776.937837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93167.749164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93552.917815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75065.324414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76035.018143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              123670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   123670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63832                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        63832                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       165727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        165727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       318420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           336166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       318420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          336166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190016976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47292026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1170639181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6818615841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8226564024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2991952126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991952126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12559315067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12559315067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190016976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47292026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1170639181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19377930908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20785879091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    190016976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47292026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1170639181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19377930908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20785879091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9972645941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9972645941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14654604975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14654604975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  24627250916                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24627250916                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.774538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78747.192706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79083.655518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79446.160909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44655.719915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48266.910883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46872.291735                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46872.291735                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75783.155835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75783.155835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78747.192706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79083.655518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79446.160909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60856.513121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61832.187345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78747.192706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79083.655518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79446.160909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60856.513121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61832.187345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                31083410                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         41914                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 19045408                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12038002                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          20957                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          20957                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               23526                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40458778                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137332505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40459290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.394338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137311457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137311457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137311457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137311457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137311457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137311457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44991185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44991185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44991185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44991185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44991185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44991185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1109944264520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1109944264520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1109944264520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1109944264520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1109944264520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1109944264520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182302642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182302642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182302642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    182302642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182302642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    182302642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.246794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.246794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.246794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24670.260730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24670.260730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24670.260730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24670.260730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24670.260730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24670.260730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       329129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41141.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4532401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4532401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4532401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4532401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4532401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4532401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40458784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40458784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40458784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40458784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40458784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40458784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 878755260146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 878755260146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 878755260146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 878755260146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 878755260146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 878755260146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21719.764493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21719.764493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21719.764493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21719.764493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21719.764493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21719.764493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4761923                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4384800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4761939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.920801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4384289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4384289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4384289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4384289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4384289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4384289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4762648                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4762648                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4762648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4762648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4762648                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4762648                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78039622910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78039622910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78039622910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  78039622910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78039622910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  78039622910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9146937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9146937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9146937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9146937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9146937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9146937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.520682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.520682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.520682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16385.763321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16385.763321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16385.763321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16385.763321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16385.763321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16385.763321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        23857                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        23857                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4762648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4762648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4762648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4762648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4762648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4762648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63364064907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63364064907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63364064907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63364064907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63364064907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  63364064907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13304.377083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13304.377083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13304.377083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13304.377083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13304.377083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13304.377083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     18074865                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.987172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5326428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     18074881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.294687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.987172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5326264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5326264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5326264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5326264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5326264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5326264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18085783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18085783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18085783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18085783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18085783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18085783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 266526730280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 266526730280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 266526730280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 266526730280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 266526730280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 266526730280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23412047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23412047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23412047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23412047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23412047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23412047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.772499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.772499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.772499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14736.809033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14736.809033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14736.809033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14736.809033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14736.809033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14736.809033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         9257                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         9257                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18085783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18085783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18085783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18085783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18085783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18085783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 210964258880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 210964258880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 210964258880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 210964258880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 210964258880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 210964258880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11664.646141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11664.646141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11664.646141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11664.646141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11664.646141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11664.646141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15074963                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.834603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               285137081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15075475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.913970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.834603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    184896253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      184896253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98478924                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98478924                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    283375177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       283375177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    283375177                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      283375177                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19082103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     19082103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4641857                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4641857                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23723960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      23723960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23723960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     23723960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 584424486610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 584424486610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118984161571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 118984161571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703408648181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 703408648181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703408648181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 703408648181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    203978356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    203978356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    103120781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    103120781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307099137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    307099137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307099137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    307099137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30626.838489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30626.838489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25632.879593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25632.879593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29649.714811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29649.714811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29649.714811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29649.714811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6428008                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          6428008                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7030085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7030085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        35732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7065817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7065817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7065817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7065817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12052018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12052018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4606125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4606125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16658143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16658143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16658143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16658143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 333385941604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 333385941604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101953449966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 101953449966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 435339391570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 435339391570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 435339391570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 435339391570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11684618317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11684618317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17108066767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17108066767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  28792685084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  28792685084                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27662.250555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27662.250555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22134.321141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22134.321141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26133.728806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26133.728806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26133.728806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26133.728806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3543467606                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       234830038                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    234830038                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42973833                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    200108383                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104849396                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1474241227                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1077007472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          234830038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104849396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            335922547                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      158619751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          86921081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     414058355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       774265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2247637                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        182302650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29774771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1183132                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2428274647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.829463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.274520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2101058914     86.52%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20859595      0.86%     87.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14910150      0.61%     88.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26708794      1.10%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23131224      0.95%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28214126      1.16%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        20195239      0.83%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16982361      0.70%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       176214244      7.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2428274647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.066271                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.303942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1537196465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    460350951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        310343445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6274307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     114109479                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1950869258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          778                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     114109479                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1559274860                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      145900215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    267071261                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        293275783                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48643049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1868777568                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       675107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7391602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32556377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       274895                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2029626043                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4648883537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4648797961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        85576                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1206528898                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       823097144                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6357124                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6402550                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        150031607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    263561221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    162920765                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17246749                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14924458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1730800802                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9142173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1558685845                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8130748                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    595402899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    792614090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3404718                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2428274647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.641890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.418534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1847922061     76.10%     76.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    197603473      8.14%     84.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    125489855      5.17%     89.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     86213524      3.55%     92.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70208644      2.89%     95.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     50174763      2.07%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     37181737      1.53%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11181443      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2299147      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2428274647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4558845     41.92%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4104606     37.74%     79.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2211529     20.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18734503      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1156089149     74.17%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    239709783     15.38%     90.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    144152410      9.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1558685845                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.439876                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10874980                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006977                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5571513241                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2335723051                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1481180886                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40300                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        22198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20107                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1550806179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20143                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24029157                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98779019                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       507885                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       423006                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     59764479                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       206362                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     114109479                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       85438293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1940095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1739942975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30250615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    263561221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    162920765                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      8110698                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        973136                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        68883                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       423006                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14239349                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     34013021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48252370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1511258947                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    228273795                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47426902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           366706600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158963005                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         138432805                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.426492                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1484171669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1481200993                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        931156397                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1434584270                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.418009                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649078                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    653507551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5737455                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43231751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2315074615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.469256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.419651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1956872063     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128724783      5.56%     90.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58067777      2.51%     92.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63685255      2.75%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33587363      1.45%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15033147      0.65%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12037463      0.52%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7827048      0.34%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39239716      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2315074615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    587486162                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1086363131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267938485                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164782200                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578979                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125706924                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1081775399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39239716                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4014379158                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3594322201                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26351746                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1115192959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            30927142                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          587486162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1086363131                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    587486162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.031576                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.031576                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.165794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.165794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2889790322                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1591945012                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20107                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      712255522                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5396851                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2856580632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       515243068                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3375614132                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2856580632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2856580632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    359283882                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       366848318                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        357072579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81600738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           438910225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51836899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           52018224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2309498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       791195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        70411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2394450237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          431888347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2829515809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2394450237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2394450237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3155257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3185423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         301159844                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            307500524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3161380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5494921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       791195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        70411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2394450237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         733048190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3137016333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               31083410                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        41914                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12038002                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                19045408                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         20957                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         20957                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              23358                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3582573931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 269655348                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   515672633                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           513943742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36792847                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  513943742                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1325232398                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        568736369                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133666179                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81689345                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51976834                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2979459724.750813                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             603114206.249186                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.168347                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.831653                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
