
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70493                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   126613                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37185736                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              255552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        56256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            56256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              881292596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        194003554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             194003554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        194003554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1075296150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      895                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.315260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063322000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.315260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159021888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    159021888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159661888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    159661888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159661888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    159661888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177479.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177479.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       995500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9955                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       456500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148228900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148228900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148685400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148685400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148685400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148685400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30433.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30433.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165434.040179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165434.040179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           14                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           211                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1686.457870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              58                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.274882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           78.470871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.601729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.091680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.486758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1111.442641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    461.364255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.271348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.411733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             594                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  594                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4836                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2954927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204597279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86331918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294716769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28904774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28904774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2954927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204597279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115236692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323621543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2954927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204597279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115236692                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323621543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          594                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              594                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.376333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.741425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105533.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92516.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102916.136318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104644.749091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103083.864638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102863.964413                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102863.964413                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105533.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92516.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102916.136318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104192.307414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103064.185669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105533.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92516.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102916.136318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104192.307414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103064.185669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193622320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81817617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279024505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27343774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27343774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193622320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109161391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306368279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193622320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109161391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306368279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10244001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10244001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100072.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97395.533199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99172.869091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97903.335088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97308.804270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97308.804270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100072.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97395.533199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98699.268535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97849.977324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100072.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97395.533199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98699.268535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97849.977324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1665.143485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.331600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.717295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.969137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1141.831476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    485.294053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     41                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     41                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2704327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186531788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78798829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268775785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26306509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26306509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2704327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186531788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105105338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295082294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2704327                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186531788                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105105338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295082294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.985659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96583.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92605.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.860133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96804.458231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95378.206175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93951.817857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93951.817857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96583.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92605.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.860133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96074.349177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.287928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96583.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92605.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.860133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96074.349177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.287928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2316597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159008343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67434155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229387921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22310831                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22310831                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2316597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159008343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89744986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251698752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2316597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159008343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89744986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251698752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82735.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.117917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82842.942260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81661.773229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79681.539286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79681.539286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82735.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.117917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82033.808044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81482.276465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82735.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.117917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82033.808044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81482.276465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3098                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.127147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.862492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066706300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.823400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.303748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.852156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31067                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31086                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31086                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4240                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288696972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288696972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288696972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    288696972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288696972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    288696972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68121.041057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68088.908491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68121.041057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68088.908491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68121.041057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68088.908491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225627516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225627516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225627516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225627516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225627516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225627516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62535.342572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62535.342572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          132                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.597999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.818182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.268152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          143                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2519029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2519029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2519029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2519029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2519029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2519029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.259528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.259528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.259528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17993.064286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17615.587413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17993.064286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17615.587413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17993.064286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17615.587413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2081737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2081737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2081737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2081737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2081737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2081737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14869.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2442                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.350529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.101966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.286052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.834408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          333                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30998307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30998307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30998307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30998307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30998307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30998307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12626.601629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12611.190806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12626.601629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12611.190806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12626.601629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12611.190806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23429637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23429637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23429637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23429637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23429637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23429637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9543.640326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9543.640326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1274                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               351.214046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.474097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.494475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   350.719570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.684999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.685965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54898                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54898                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    209339437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209339437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32658284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32658284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241997721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241997721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241997721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241997721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76568.923555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76540.927605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83311.948980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83311.948980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77414.498081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77389.741286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77414.498081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77389.741286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          594                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              594                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95418446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95418446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30266651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30266651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125685097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125685097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125685097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125685097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10648926                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10648926                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68794.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68794.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79859.237467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79859.237467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  819310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48982                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35697                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21633                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228182                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48982                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21633                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          845                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             46                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.957853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.434173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386797     84.99%     84.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3012      0.66%     85.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2824      0.62%     86.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3871      0.85%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6284      1.38%     88.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4070      0.89%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6318      1.39%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3260      0.72%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38681      8.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.278505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          192494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64086                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          197877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437213                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       996820                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1361                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368957                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335259                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       153912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1039                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.736644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.501878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       332173     72.99%     72.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40055      8.80%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26242      5.77%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        20025      4.40%     91.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14929      3.28%     95.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10740      2.36%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7932      1.74%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2531      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          490      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            886     50.92%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     24.77%     75.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          423     24.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4091      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259476     77.40%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44944     13.41%     92.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26738      7.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335259                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.409197                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1740                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1129750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480627                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       320133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5675                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16403                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9405                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371148                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1763                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325484                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42716                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68355                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33907                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25639                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.397266                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               320142                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208713                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340280                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.390746                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613357                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.582299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.550052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350050     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30292      6.96%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16284      3.74%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13161      3.03%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8138      1.87%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3412      0.78%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2310      0.53%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2805      0.64%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8476      1.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133890                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54304                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33174                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27944                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              797398                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             762881                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 364193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2316                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.119277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.119277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.163418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.163418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          645314                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349081                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140104                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003923684701                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426463110                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25373                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48920                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3662258442                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4552112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5462.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   138593992                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     267208686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           611456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       465728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1439552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3595008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       465728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         465728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1831872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1831872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        71963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23282                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23282                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        71963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28953                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.960807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.298571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.956037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.934752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34974                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            51225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           51225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    650927727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    662001727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2925630920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1197696000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4123326920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2936704920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1848623727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4785328647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2936704920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1848623727                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4785328647                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          54296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         54296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42592.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40705.879995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40736.060981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175819.165865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65326.497218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117896.921141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173769.521893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53856.481486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93417.835959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173769.521893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53856.481486                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93417.835959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21448200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1870                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11469.625668                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7885400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    452021100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2725081392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    970836700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3695918092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2732966792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422857800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4155824592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2732966792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422857800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4155824592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30328.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28267.219061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28300.196911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163766.910577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52952.803534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105676.162063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161714.011361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41452.521486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81128.835373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161714.011361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41452.521486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81128.835373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        340651                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4018.795229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         5049006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        344692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.647877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          665.323400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.859590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.327318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2446.963568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    875.320513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.162432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.597403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.213701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       771529                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3523321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       385023                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4709083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          358892                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               358892                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14697                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14697                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        93574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                93574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       771529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3523321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       478597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4802657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       771529                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3523321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       478597                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4802657                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          706                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       207414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       105495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               315691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13629                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13629                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              29206                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       207414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       134701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                344897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          706                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       207414                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       134701                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               344897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60110666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21684046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5025682288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3712268621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8819745621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    349578237                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    349578237                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1797223405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1797223405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60110666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21684046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5025682288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5509492026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10616969026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60110666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21684046                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5025682288                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5509492026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10616969026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       773605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3730735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       490518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            5024774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       358892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           358892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28326                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           28326                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       122780                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           122780                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       773605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3730735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       613298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5147554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       773605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3730735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       613298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5147554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.062827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481148                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.481148                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.237873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.067002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.067002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28955.041426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30713.946176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24230.198000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35189.048021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27937.906437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25649.588158                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25649.588158                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61536.102342                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61536.102342                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28955.041426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30713.946176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24230.198000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40901.641606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30783.013555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28955.041426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30713.946176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24230.198000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40901.641606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30783.013555                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               55822                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    55822                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       207413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       105471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          315664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13629                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13629                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         29206                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       207413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       134677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           344870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       207413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       134677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          344870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48960081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17742294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3842516135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3123727154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7032945664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    886463666                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    886463666                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1633772672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633772672                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48960081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17742294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3842516135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4757499826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8666718336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     48960081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17742294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3842516135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4757499826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8666718336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3406049722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3406049722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4961852267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4961852267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8367901989                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8367901989                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481148                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481148                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.066997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23583.854046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25202.122159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18525.917541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29616.929336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22279.847129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65042.458434                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65042.458434                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55939.624461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55939.624461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23583.854046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25202.122159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18525.917541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35325.258403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25130.392136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23583.854046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25202.122159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18525.917541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35325.258403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25130.392136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6292                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29925.365510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          322296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.757092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10049.434295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.747872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.042178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   157.161497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    51.527547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8730.139899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10930.312220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.306684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.333567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.913250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       200135                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        76971                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 279614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           55822                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                55822                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                13429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       200135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        90400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  293043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          630                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       200135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        90400                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 293043                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7278                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                36050                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16464                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16464                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18539640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6930967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681305204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1699117006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2405892817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263605289                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    263605289                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1106199428                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1106199428                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18539640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6930967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681305204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2805316434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3512092245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18539640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6930967                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681305204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2805316434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3512092245                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       207413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             315664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        55822                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            55822                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16558                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            26277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       207413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       131748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              341941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       207413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       131748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             341941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.114204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994323                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.994323                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.488945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.143001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.143001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93634.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93661.716216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.597142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59618.140561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66737.664827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16011.011237                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16011.011237                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86098.959215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86098.959215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93634.545455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93661.716216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.597142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67846.484328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71824.864923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93634.545455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93661.716216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.597142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67846.484328                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71824.864923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2537                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2537                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15766047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5896205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    578785384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1298278067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898725703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    878217973                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878217973                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    922019998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    922019998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15766047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5896205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    578785384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2220298065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2820745701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15766047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5896205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    578785384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2220298065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2820745701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3035424378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3035424378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4408950468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4408950468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7444374846                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7444374846                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994323                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994323                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.143001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79626.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79678.445946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.334433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45553.616386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52669.228932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53341.713618                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53341.713618                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71763.698474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71763.698474                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79626.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79678.445946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.334433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53697.834599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57686.320524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79626.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79678.445946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.334433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53697.834599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57686.320524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       300156                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       377615                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3651                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2505                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3646                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7983                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      677771                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   120039                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   151016                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            217                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            183                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7762                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3730736                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.994796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9977584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3731248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.674061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.994796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9970154                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9970154                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9970154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9970154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9970154                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9970154                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3875826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3875826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3875826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3875826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3875826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3875826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48154936568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48154936568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48154936568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48154936568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48154936568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48154936568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13845980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13845980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13845980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13845980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13845980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13845980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.279924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.279924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12424.431997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12424.431997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12424.431997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12424.431997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12424.431997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12424.431997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       110395                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36798.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       145074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       145074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       145074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       145074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       145074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       145074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3730752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3730752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3730752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3730752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3730752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3730752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33406822552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33406822552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33406822552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33406822552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33406822552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33406822552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8954.447401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8954.447401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8954.447401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8954.447401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8954.447401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8954.447401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        29966                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         53249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        29982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.776032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972576115300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        52878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        52878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        52878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        52878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        52878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        52878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        30168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        30168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        30168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    537748723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    537748723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    537748723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    537748723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    537748723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    537748723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        83046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        83046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.363269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.363269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.363269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17825.136668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17825.136668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17825.136668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17825.136668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17825.136668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17825.136668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           52                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    445799995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445799995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    445799995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445799995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    445799995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445799995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14777.247249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14777.247249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14777.247249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14777.247249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14777.247249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14777.247249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       773908                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         47733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       773924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.061677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       774154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       774154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       774154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12019763852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12019763852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12019763852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12019763852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12019763852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12019763852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       821388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       821388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       821388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       821388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       821388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       821388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.942495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.942495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.942495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15526.321445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15526.321445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15526.321445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15526.321445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15526.321445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15526.321445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          220                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          220                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       774154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       774154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       774154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9657674320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9657674320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9657674320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9657674320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9657674320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9657674320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12475.133268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12475.133268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12475.133268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12475.133268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12475.133268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12475.133268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                604574                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               500.051595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29240158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                605078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 48.324609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971521830300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.051595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.976663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.976663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18286484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18286484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10915384                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10915384                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29201868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29201868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29201868                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29201868                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       753053                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       753053                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152578                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       152578                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       905631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        905631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       905631                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       905631                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18500542968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18500542968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4736306838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4736306838                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23236849806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23236849806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23236849806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23236849806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19039537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19039537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11067962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11067962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30107499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30107499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30107499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30107499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24567.384989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24567.384989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31041.872603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31041.872603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25658.187282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25658.187282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25658.187282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25658.187282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       358620                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           358620                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       262161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       262161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       264202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       264202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       264202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       264202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       490892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       490892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       150537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       641429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       641429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       641429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       641429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9390838810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9390838810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4162780215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4162780215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13553619025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13553619025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13553619025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13553619025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3554177263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3554177263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5164716203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5164716203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8718893466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8718893466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013601                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013601                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19130.152478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19130.152478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27652.870822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27652.870822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21130.349618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21130.349618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21130.349618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21130.349618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               229758938                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17524286                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17524286                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2400649                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15138046                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9120508                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    115743581                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83576942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17524286                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9120508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             28012387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8036681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            350457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      50234385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       163319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        78974                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13845982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1664925                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          14066                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    200071131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.816843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.257570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       172868971     86.40%     86.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2622211      1.31%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1275285      0.64%     88.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2037880      1.02%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1699958      0.85%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1940556      0.97%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1955271      0.98%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1462013      0.73%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14208986      7.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    200071131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076272                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.363759                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       114141547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     53922755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26043840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       474998                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5487991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     159930844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           94                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5487991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       115719689                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7386604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43859605                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24952647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2664595                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     154887061                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        17086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        169273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1314671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6111                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170393446                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    386593134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    383737464                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2855670                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    130676648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39716908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1032971                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1054984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10163081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22796888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13788531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1747127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1056067                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         147697285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1314450                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        139754283                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       297564                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28179680                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39677280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       346530                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    200071131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.698523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.447895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    146581213     73.26%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18568455      9.28%     82.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12415581      6.21%     88.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7982141      3.99%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6095819      3.05%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4285148      2.14%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2662877      1.33%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1217211      0.61%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       262686      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    200071131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         282189     33.89%     33.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27589      3.31%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        300485     36.08%     73.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       222458     26.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1219882      0.87%      0.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103310263     73.92%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       755135      0.54%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21598686     15.45%     90.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12870317      9.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     139754283                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.608265                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             832721                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005958                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479072627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    175758862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134794778                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1899981                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1457828                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       860274                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     138409655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         957467                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1880073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4761314                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29973                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26109                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2683521                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        45942                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5487991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5979145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        76614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149011735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1362841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22796888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13788531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1187758                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         29098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6159                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26109                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       951313                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1722835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2674148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137287790                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20986760                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2466493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33562723                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13866073                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12575963                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.597530                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             135890847                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135655052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87391500                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        135652317                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.590423                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644232                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31308585                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       967920                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2407080                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    194686053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.603632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.538849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    154129833     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14630816      7.52%     86.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7339719      3.77%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7429315      3.82%     94.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756057      1.93%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1578463      0.81%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1259029      0.65%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1052818      0.54%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3510003      1.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    194686053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     61023168                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     117518666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29140598                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18035585                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             101532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12289674                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            697469                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        116374442                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3510003                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           339728343                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          303157165                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1686060                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               29687807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59840407548                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           61023168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            117518666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     61023168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.765110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.765110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.265596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.265596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       270175564                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      146998290                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1519007                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          810755                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63272389                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        986393                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          592735                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       258680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       816140192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       139188275                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          956251090                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    816140192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     816140192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       515276                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92616870                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        96093554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        102017524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21855639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123933680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13602892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13667408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40799005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6958049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47803176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40799005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40799005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4629935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4803735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             55390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40799005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11587984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52606912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      377615                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      300156                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3651                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4332                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2731                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4327                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7983                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     677771                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  151016                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  120039                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           183                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           217                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6859                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072371098                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76488280                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   147763388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           146529507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               486964                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10018819                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  146529507                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      486964                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         374872927                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        165769602                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             811908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            396903                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35512690                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21875903                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13636787                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59899595229.060204                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             172775868.939798                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
