
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  67466                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   120299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36770403                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535815                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              301312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    275476652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1031777308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466798145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466578991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    275476652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1294981332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.689037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614229000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.689037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221153848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    221153848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221980848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    221980848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221980848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    221980848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181869.940789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181869.940789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179596.155340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1273600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9575.939850                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       584200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       584200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    206510068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206510068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207094268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207094268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207094268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207094268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169827.358553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169827.358553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167551.996764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           279                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1847.244877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.379928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          128.325652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.941364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.565983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.338953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.042121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1170.388232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    499.642684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.031330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.121983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.450988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1054                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1054                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2554                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1661                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1152                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5466                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101693706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335958391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32753972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32753972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134447678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       368712363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3064876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223768628                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134447678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      368712363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.378473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.656250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106709.030430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104076.329306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104312.012739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103980.863492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106114.978690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104067.841660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109282.073529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 117879.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103166.725680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106114.978690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104067.841660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96473275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318241655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31012072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31012072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127485347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349253727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7056981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2921676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211789723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127485347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349253727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3188036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3188036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.566319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.523770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101231.138510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98955.738495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98764.560510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98764.560510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100619.847672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98938.732861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103779.132353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 112372.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97643.947902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100619.847672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98938.732861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1783.861323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.306905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.427669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.117305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1201.397786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    529.611793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           40                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     49                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3493                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93043944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306635691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29866808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29866808                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122910752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336502499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6813881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2833476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203944390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122910752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336502499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98459.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96456.650204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95421.111821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95117.222930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97703.300477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96336.243630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101699.716418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108979.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95793.513387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97703.300477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96336.243630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79863336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262260466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25416015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25416015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105279351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287676481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5883475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2474017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174039638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105279351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287676481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2837916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2837916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9154416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9154416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84511.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82810.377644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81201.325879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81201.325879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.655460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87813.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95154.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81747.129169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83687.878378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82665.655460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3319                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.805305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.726424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617288300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.300625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.504680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26097                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    317294396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    317294396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69811.748295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69796.391553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248219720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248219720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.326371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          112                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.991878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.151786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749479300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.857328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.678583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.686992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4828917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4828917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.250489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38631.336000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37725.914062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4432965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.246063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35463.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2613                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.912965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.253349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619325300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.091708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38753403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     38753403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.770809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14774.457873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14735.134221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30660387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30660387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11689.053374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2164                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               222.780548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   43414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.061922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598715369000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   222.279373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.868279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.870237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17251                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17252                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        47940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           47941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        47940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          47941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3425                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          498                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    226491033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226491033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38150170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38150170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264641203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    264641203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264641203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    264641203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66148.082068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66128.768759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76606.767068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76453.246493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67476.084396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.692915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67476.084396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.692915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1054                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1054                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1497                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117188874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117188874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35359747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35359747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    152548621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152548621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    152548621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152548621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3328474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3328474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60375.514683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60375.514683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73057.328512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73057.328512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62906.647835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44806                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33492                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18101                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44806                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          301                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             69                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       458557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.865153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.335760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          396677     86.51%     86.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2843      0.62%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2535      0.55%     87.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3474      0.76%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5004      1.09%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3809      0.83%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5808      1.27%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2778      0.61%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35629      7.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       458557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243261                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13906                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          135                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398583                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       904227                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47546                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336121                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1752                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297802                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       169404                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          861                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       458557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.649433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.418245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       347346     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37392      8.15%     83.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23807      5.19%     89.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18250      3.98%     93.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12994      2.83%     95.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9699      2.12%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6370      1.39%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2237      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          462      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       458557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            705     46.88%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           412     27.39%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3239      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229501     77.06%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41544     13.95%     92.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23508      7.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297802                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339651                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1504                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005050                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1058514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450620                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18073                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          185                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9856                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47546                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1371                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          185                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289205                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39404                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29720                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22429                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329846                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186613                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296726                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323841                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628907                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122193                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       437836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       364294     83.20%     83.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27191      6.21%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13536      3.09%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11523      2.63%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6726      1.54%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3380      0.77%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1912      0.44%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2719      0.62%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6555      1.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       437836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117138                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47238                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29441                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23878                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213667                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              768912                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696607                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 418231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.485086                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.485086                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          559930                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309478                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126995                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.139770                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2139770408679                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9738833562189                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36139                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22101196                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5071512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 96816.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004998758                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3498870315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1486848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4663680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       870272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61220992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    313717696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           381960768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61220992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61220992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    173969664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        173969664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       956578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4901839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5968137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2718276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2718276                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       694863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2179524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       406713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28611010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    146612784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              178505491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28611010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28611010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         81302958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              81302958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         81302958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       694863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2179524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       406713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28611010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    146612784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             259808449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23621                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.992165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.007390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             377                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23232                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23595                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       677862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15734862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4132595096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1962000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4134557096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4147652096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2639862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4150291958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4147652096                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2639862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4150291958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41479.338843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48418.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41737.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177883.742080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        81750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177784.532852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175785.212799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69470.052632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175614.266407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175785.212799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69470.052632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175614.266407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28168400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2623                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10739.001144                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23248                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23248                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10650300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       504100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11154400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3852652628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1668700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3854321328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3863302928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2172800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3865475728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3863302928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2172800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3865475728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29339.669421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 36007.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29587.267905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165833.876894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 69529.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165734.491228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163733.966010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57178.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163562.633944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163733.966010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57178.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163562.633944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          363                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1486848                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          363                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      20004805                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4045.620049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       112856666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      20008877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.640330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627512929600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1008.405757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.005557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   151.834377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    47.441271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    909.271657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1928.658797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.246193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.037069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.221990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.470864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.987700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32539316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2682391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11321988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38628152                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               85171847                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        31372889                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             31372889                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       993679                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              993679                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10362736                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             10362736                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32539316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2682391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11321988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     48990888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                95534583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32539316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2682391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11321988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     48990888                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               95534583                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453880                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146727                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4624069                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11080431                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16305107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6616                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6616                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3694912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3694912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4624069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14775343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              20000019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453880                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146727                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4624069                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14775343                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             20000019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15714567925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4346853404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 177876693959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 470314939204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   668253054492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247955112                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    247955112                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249294857449                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 249294857449                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15714567925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4346853404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 177876693959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 719609796653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    917547911941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15714567925                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4346853404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 177876693959                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 719609796653                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   917547911941                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32993196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15946057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49708583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          101476954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     31372889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         31372889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1000295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1000295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14057648                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         14057648                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32993196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15946057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63766231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           115534602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32993196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15946057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63766231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          115534602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.289982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.222908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.160678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006614                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.006614                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.262840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.289982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.289982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34622.737122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29625.450013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38467.569139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42445.545593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40984.279005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37478.100363                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37478.100363                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67469.768549                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67469.768549                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34622.737122                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29625.450013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38467.569139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48703.424120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45877.352014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34622.737122                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29625.450013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38467.569139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48703.424120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45877.352014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7576910                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7576910                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4624062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11080382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16304960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6616                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6616                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3694912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3694912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4624062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14775294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19999872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4624062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14775294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19999872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13247458675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3535419325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151730642912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 408420949202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 576934470114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    543309839                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    543309839                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228642034310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228642034310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13247458675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3535419325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151730642912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 637062983512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 805576504424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13247458675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3535419325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151730642912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 637062983512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 805576504424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     95648088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95648088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    226850549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    226850549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    322498637                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    322498637                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.289982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.222907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006614                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006614                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.289982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.289982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29189.196989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24104.912626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32813.280382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36859.825699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35383.985616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82120.592352                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82120.592352                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61880.238098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61880.238098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29189.196989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24104.912626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32813.280382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43116.772060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40279.083007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29189.196989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24104.912626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32813.280382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43116.772060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40279.083007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5918794                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32228.177175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17936067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5951407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.013752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628474896076                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11352.093099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.084573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.053429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   529.450249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.301127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6344.927115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13869.259362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.346438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.193632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.423256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       380978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       133070                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3667483                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8299677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12481208                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7576910                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7576910                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1112                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1112                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1573385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1573385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       380978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       133070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3667483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9873062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14054593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       380978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       133070                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3667483                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9873062                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14054593                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72870                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       956579                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2780705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3823752                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5720                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5720                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2121311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2121311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       956579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4902016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5945063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13598                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       956579                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4902016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5945063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6793357807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1287403603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89369107210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 260271461125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   357721329745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     44449832                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     44449832                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 196909978591                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 196909978591                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6793357807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1287403603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89369107210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457181439716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    554631308336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6793357807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1287403603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89369107210                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457181439716                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   554631308336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4624062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11080382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16304960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7576910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7576910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6832                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6832                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3694696                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3694696                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4624062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14775078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19999656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       453848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       146668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4624062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14775078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19999656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.234515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837237                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.837237                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.574150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.297258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.297258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93225.714382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94675.952567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93425.746551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93599.091283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93552.440050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7770.949650                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7770.949650                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92824.662952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92824.662952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93225.714382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94675.952567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93425.746551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93263.963177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93292.755407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93225.714382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94675.952567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93425.746551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93263.963177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93292.755407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2695028                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2695028                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       956579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2780705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3823752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5720                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5720                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2121311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2121311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       956579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4902016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5945063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        72870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       956579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4902016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5945063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5771535715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1097342202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75882965895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 221124390678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 303876234490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    448225083                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448225083                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166517231598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 166517231598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5771535715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1097342202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75882965895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 387641622276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 470393466088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5771535715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1097342202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75882965895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 387641622276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 470393466088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     85423708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     85423708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    198670317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    198670317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    284094025                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    284094025                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837237                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837237                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79203.179841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80698.794087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79327.442788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79520.981434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79470.696449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78361.028497                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78361.028497                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78497.321514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78497.321514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79203.179841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80698.794087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79327.442788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79078.000210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79123.377849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79203.179841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80698.794087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79327.442788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79078.000210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79123.377849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3051                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      867                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2183                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15946085                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               503395564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15946597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.567585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    503387693                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      503387693                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    503387693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       503387693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    503387693                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      503387693                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17226897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     17226897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17226897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      17226897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17226897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     17226897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 436967535679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 436967535679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 436967535679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 436967535679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 436967535679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 436967535679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    520614590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    520614590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    520614590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    520614590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    520614590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    520614590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25365.423366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25365.423366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25365.423366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25365.423366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25365.423366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25365.423366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8872616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40887.631336                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1280721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1280721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1280721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1280721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1280721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1280721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15946176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15946176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15946176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15946176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15946176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15946176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 340417868759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 340417868759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 340417868759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 340417868759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 340417868759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 340417868759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21347.931238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21347.931238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21347.931238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21347.931238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21347.931238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21347.931238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2829330                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9644069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2829346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.408586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9643912                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9643912                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9643912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9643912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9643912                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9643912                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2829533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2829533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2829533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  49082992450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49082992450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  49082992450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  49082992450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  49082992450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  49082992450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12473445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12473445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12473445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12473445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12473445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12473445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17346.676095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17346.676095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17346.676095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17346.676095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17346.676095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17346.676095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3640                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3640                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2829533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2829533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2829533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2829533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40240983981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40240983981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40240983981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40240983981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40240983981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40240983981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14221.775813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14221.775813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14221.775813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14221.775813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14221.775813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14221.775813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     33002088                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      62864850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     33002104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.904874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62864523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     62864523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62864523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     62864523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62864523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     62864523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33008966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     33008966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33008966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     33008966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33008966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     33008966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 456183694316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 456183694316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 456183694316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 456183694316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 456183694316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 456183694316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     95873489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     95873489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     95873489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     95873489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     95873489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     95873489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.344297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.344297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.344297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13819.993462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13819.993462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13819.993462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13819.993462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13819.993462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13819.993462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        48647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        48647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33008966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     33008966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33008966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     33008966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33008966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     33008966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 353777647812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 353777647812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 353777647812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 353777647812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 353777647812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 353777647812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10717.622837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10717.622837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10717.622837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10717.622837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10717.622837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10717.622837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              63765477                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.999963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               967988684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              63765733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.180390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.999963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    713504243                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      713504243                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    253317463                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     253317463                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    966821706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       966821706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    966821706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      966821706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     75048424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     75048424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15108519                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15108519                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     90156943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      90156943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     90156943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     90156943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1949658648073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1949658648073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467998406132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 467998406132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2417657054205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2417657054205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2417657054205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2417657054205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    788552667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    788552667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268425982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268425982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1056978649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1056978649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1056978649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1056978649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.056286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25978.675423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25978.675423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30975.796247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30975.796247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26816.093955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26816.093955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26816.093955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26816.093955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     31320602                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         31320602                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25313849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     25313849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        83883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        83883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25397732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     25397732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25397732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     25397732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49734575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49734575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15024636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15024636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     64759211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     64759211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     64759211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     64759211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 963628880244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 963628880244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 411767158738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 411767158738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1375396038982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1375396038982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1375396038982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1375396038982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99756954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99756954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    237755145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    237755145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    337512099                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    337512099                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055973                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055973                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19375.432086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19375.432086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27406.132085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27406.132085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21238.616372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21238.616372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21238.616372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21238.616372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6425736963                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       612178616                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    612178616                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64530980                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    445316840                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       358899512                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2026945507                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3371568429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          612178616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    358899512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1000876998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      362683239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          92958868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2167268101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        74282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2192870                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2600                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        520614784                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30941513                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1377888                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5586728611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.060979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.506937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4602682606     82.39%     82.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        61336623      1.10%     83.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        60344308      1.08%     84.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        89164754      1.60%     86.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        67501403      1.21%     87.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        82148414      1.47%     88.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        61423582      1.10%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        68423524      1.22%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       493703397      8.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5586728611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095270                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.524698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2100386887                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2228587355                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        918428737                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     42916247                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     296409385                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5789215557                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2777                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     296409385                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2191085793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1796421998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     50569009                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        862450675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    389791751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5625170915                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3698038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      68029542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    300620021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2177903                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6291982209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  14174111329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  14128133859                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45977470                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3956664766                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2335317491                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3040937                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3042732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        837611846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1094920051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    437811598                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     77181573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     49921431                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5385937192                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5429774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4656465054                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     11551365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1832725676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2749062439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2230128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5586728611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.833487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.460009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3655394700     65.43%     65.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    720729136     12.90%     78.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    487419513      8.72%     87.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    294234150      5.27%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    200825728      3.59%     95.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    128192676      2.29%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70342525      1.26%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     24848464      0.44%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4741719      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5586728611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6216440     30.01%     30.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        26963      0.13%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8964977     43.27%     73.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5508243     26.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     32057932      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3347811375     71.90%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7167882      0.15%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    915142742     19.65%     92.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    354285123      7.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4656465054                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.724659                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           20716623                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004449                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14929753510                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   7200720860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4506331357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27718761                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     24302149                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12803448                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4631315977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13807768                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    102630173                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    393811100                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       782144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       971472                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    169388949                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       216104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5312                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     296409385                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1256988103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     29511996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5391366966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29872144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1094920051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    437811601                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4989389                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      11180056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3510736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       971472                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     44178951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     25148475                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     69327426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4584159883                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    891486360                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     72305166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1239248045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       438876469                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         347761685                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.713406                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4532589314                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4519134805                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3157538768                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4899529232                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.703287                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644458                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1905326740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3199646                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64766488                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5290983024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.659457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.719294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4216568827     79.69%     79.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    371861125      7.03%     86.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    164065077      3.10%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    200457687      3.79%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     74557154      1.41%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     43556260      0.82%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32608364      0.62%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22316885      0.42%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    164991645      3.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5290983024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999762894                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3489175795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969531598                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701108952                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367534138                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9970954                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3467438998                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    164991645                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10519719145                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        11086529288                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               19976834                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              839008352                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999762894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3489175795                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999762894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.213249                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.213249                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.311211                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.311211                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8852678743                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     5015144892                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12145974                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9391132                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2205955053                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2894132                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43824368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7437225                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51377729                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43824368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43824368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5326811                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6560163                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5478046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1140413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6632900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          715534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             734817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        35219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        17553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           20480874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3475712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24010861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      20480874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         20480874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       576181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2489431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3065826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       577307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        35219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        17553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          20480874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           5965143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27076686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3051                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2183                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     867                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6421567174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4163354                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7793837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7761041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       582201                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7761041                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19957216                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8929510                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1859489                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1142209                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   717280                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6412462764.398016                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9104409.601984                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001418                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998582                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
